The Project Gutenberg EBook of The Postal Service (Fifth Edition), by Various

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org.  If you are not located in the United States, you'll
have to check the laws of the country where you are located before using
this ebook.



Title: The Postal Service (Fifth Edition)

Author: Various

Editor: J. J. O'Reilly

Release Date: October 30, 2019 [EBook #60597]

Language: English

Character set encoding: UTF-8

*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE POSTAL SERVICE (FIFTH EDITION) ***




Produced by Adrian Mastronardi, John Campbell and The
Philatelic Digital Library Project
and the Online Distributed Proofreading Team at
http://www.pgdp.net (This file was produced from images
generously made available by The Internet Archive/American
Libraries.)









  TRANSCRIBER’S NOTE

  Italic text is denoted by _underscores_.

  Bold (black face) text is denoted by =equal signs=.

  Underlined text is denoted by ++double plus signs++.

  A missing word is denoted by the caret ^ .

  There is only one footnote in the book, referenced eight times from
  the list of Carrier Stations on page 193, and it has been placed at
  the end of that list.

  Fractions are shown in the format a-b/c, for example 7-2/25 or 1/4;
  the original book used the format a b-c.

  Some other minor changes to the text are noted at the end of the book.




[Illustration: POSTMASTER EDWARD M. MORGAN]




  The Postal Service

  (Fifth Edition)


  By J. J. O’REILLY

  EDITOR

  [Illustration: The Chief]

  THE GOVERNMENT WEEKLY


  THE CHIEF PUBLISHING COMPANY
  5 BEEKMAN STREET
  NEW YORK CITY




  Copyrighted 1912
  By THE CHIEF PUBLISHING COMPANY

  [Illustration: (decorative icon)]




FOREWORD


No other branch of the Federal Government furnishes employment to
so many men as the postal service, particularly that branch of
it in which letter carriers and clerks are used. In every city
vacancies occur frequently, by reason of death, resignation or
transfer, and the prospects of employment are always good for
intelligent young men of studious habits. To secure an appointment
in the postal service, as in other fields of labor, one must prove
his fitness for the job desired. Uncle Sam requires that this shall
be done in an open competitive examination, and usually there
are hundreds, in the large cities thousands, competing in the
same examinations. Taking New York City as an example, the annual
appointments to each position average between 200 to 300, while
the eligible lists usually contain 1,000 to 1,500 each. From this
it will be seen that only a small percentage stand any show of
appointment. Those that do succeed are the men who took pains to
prepare themselves for the test by a careful study of the subjects
required. The purpose of this book is to help the candidate to
“brush up,” to direct him in self-improvement, and point the way
by which any person of ordinary intelligence, willing to devote
his leisure moments to study, can pass a good examination and get
within striking distance on the eligible list.




CHAPTER I.

CRADLE DAYS OF THE POSTAL SERVICE.


No Branch of the federal government more strikingly illustrates
the wonderful growth and extension of Uncle Sam’s business than
the Postal Service. Its history is the history of the commercial
and industrial development of the nation, for it has kept abreast,
so far as supplying the means of quick and reliable communication
is concerned, of the onward march of progress. It ought to be the
desire and the aim of every man and woman who purposes to take
up the postal service as a life career, to know something of its
history, its gradual evolution. Only in this way can they form a
just estimate of its relative value in the scheme of government,
and without such knowledge they will be merely perfunctory human
machines, void of that close personal attachment so necessary to
success in any undertaking.

A review of the history of the postal service in America has all
the interest and charm of an old romance dealing with the life and
customs of a bygone age, particularly when depicted by one whose
heart and soul is wrapped up in the service, by one whose career
in itself is the best proof of what studious habits, devotion to
duty, and loyalty to the department can do for a man in the postal
service. That man is Edward M. Morgan, Postmaster of New York City,
who, starting as a letter-carrier in 1873, came up through the
ranks, grade by grade, until he was entrusted with the management
of one of the two largest post offices in the world.


Beginning of the Postal Service.

Mr. Morgan in speaking of the history of the postal service says:

“The post office played but a minor part in the early affairs
of New Amsterdam. For many years after the consummation of the
greatest real estate deal on record, which secured from the Indians
the whole island of Manhattan for twenty-four dollars, most of the
slight correspondence that was carried on was forwarded in the care
of chance travelers, or mutual friends of the correspondents. Later
the necessity of some sort of receiving place was felt and what
was known as the “Coffee House Delivery” came into use. Letters
were addressed to some popular coffee house or tavern, where, upon
receipt, they were “posted” in a conspicuous place in the public
room where they remained until by chance or gossip, the persons for
whom they were intended learned of their arrival.


New York’s First Post office.

“That system in time came to be regarded as unsatisfactory, and in
1692, when New York, as it had then come to be called, was still
a quiet village of about five thousand inhabitants, the village
authorities passed an act or ordinance establishing a post office.
This was followed by the founding here, in 1710, of a “Chief
Letter Office” by the Postmaster-General of Great Britain, shortly
afterwards, arrangements were made for the delivery of mail from
Boston twice a month, and propositions were advertised for the
establishment of a post to Albany. The interesting feature of that
advertisement, to us who are accustomed to the speedy locomotion
of to-day, was that the mail was not to be carried by coach, or
boat, or even on horseback, but on foot. The records are hazy as to
the location of the first official post office in New York City,
but according to an advertisement that appeared in a paper of the
period, it was removed in 1732 from the quarters it then occupied
to “the uppermost of the two houses on Broadway, opposite Beaver
Street.” The year 1753 found it still in the same location. It was
closed on Sundays, and at other times it was open for business from
8 A. M. until noon, excepting on post nights, when business was
transacted until 10 P. M.


Annual Postal Receipt Less Than $3,000.

“In 1786, during the administration of Sebastian Bauman, the
second postmaster after the close of the War of the Revolution,
there was a regular schedule for the arrival and dispatch of mails
between New York and Albany and New England, and also between New
York and the South. Mail from New England and Albany arrived on
Wednesday and Saturday in winter, and on Tuesday, Thursday and
Saturday in summer. The income of the office at that time was
$2,789.84. Compare that sum and the income for the twelve months
ended September 30, 1911, when, for the first time in the history
of the New York office, the receipts for any twelve consecutive
months passed the twenty million dollar mark, being exactly
$20,451,172.53.”


Franklin First Postmaster General.

It is an interesting and singular coincidence, overlooked by
some of our historians, that the man to whom most credit is due,
probably, for the organization of our national postal service
was Benjamin Franklin, who did so much to encourage and promote
the use of electricity, the other great medium for transmitting
intelligence. Franklin was the first Postmaster General under the
Revolutionary organization, before the adoption of the Constitution
in 1787. He was chosen because of his earlier experience in postal
matters, as postmaster of Philadelphia in 1737, and as Deputy
Postmaster General of the British Colonies in 1753. He was removed
from the latter office, to punish him for his active sympathies
with the colonists. When Independence was declared one of the first
acts of his fellow patriots was to place him at the head of the
Post Office Department. But the stern necessities of the Revolution
called for Franklin’s great abilities to perform services of still
greater importance, and Richard Bache, his son-in-law, was chosen
to succeed him as Postmaster General, in November, 1776. Mr. Bache
was succeeded by Ebenezer Hazard, the compiler of the valuable
historical collection bearing that name. He held the office until
the adoption of the Constitution and the inauguration of Washington.

Washington chose for his Postmaster General, Samuel Osgood, of
the famous New England family. He had been graduated from Harvard
College in 1770. He soon became a member of the Massachusetts
Legislature, a member of the Board of War, and subsequently an
aid to General Ward. In 1779, he was chosen a member of the
Massachusetts Constitutional Convention, and two years later
was elected a member of Congress. After four years in Congress
he became first Commissioner of the Treasury. When he left
Washington’s cabinet he was made Naval Officer of the Port of New
York where he died August 12, 1813.




CHAPTER II.

WHAT IS REQUIRED OF CANDIDATES.


Clerks and carriers must be citizens of the United States,
physically fit for the service and temperate. They must be more
than 18 years of age and not more than 45, stand 5 feet 4 inches
in height in bare feet and weigh not less than 125 pounds without
overcoat and hat. Some applicants who know they are below the
weight foolishly try to secrete about their person, beneath the
soles of their feet, or in their hair weighty materials to make
up the deficiency. Not one in a hundred ever succeeds in fooling
the lynx-eyed examiners, but those who try, do succeed in getting
themselves blackballed and are debarred from taking examinations
in the future. Female applicants are not required to be of any
specific height or weight. The age limits are waived in the cases
of persons honorably discharged from the military or naval service
by reason of disability resulting from wounds received or sickness
incurred in the line of duty, but they are waived only for such
persons as have been physically disabled in the way mentioned.


Physical Conditions.

Eye glasses are permitted during the examination, but very serious
defective sight is sufficient to cause rejection. As also are
defective hearing, or speech; persons blind in one eye; one-armed,
one-handed, or one-legged persons, or those having crippled arms
or legs, or those suffering from asthma or hernia. Deaf mutes and
persons with defective speech may, however, be appointed to the
positions of mail clerk, distributor, and directing and forwarding
clerk. Applicants also are excluded from examinations for any of
the following reasons:

That he is, on the date of the examination, under the minimum or
over the maximum age limitation.

That he has any of the following defects: Insanity, tuberculosis,
paralysis, epilepsy, blindness, loss of both arms or both legs,
loss of arm and leg, badly crippled or deformed hands, arms, feet,
or legs, uncompensated calvular disease of the heart, locomotor
ataxia, cancer, Bright’s disease, diabetes, or is otherwise
physically disqualified for the service which he seeks.

That he is addicted to the habitual use of intoxicating beverages
to excess.

That he is enlisted in the United States Army or Navy and has not
secured permission for his examination from the Secretary of War or
the Secretary of the Navy, respectively. Written permission must
be filed with the formal application.

That he has, within approximately one year, passed the same
examination for which he again desires to apply. This restriction
does not apply to persons who, having taken one annual examination,
desire to take the next annual examination, although a full year
may not have elapsed.

That he has been dismissed from the Federal service for delinquency
or misconduct within one year preceding the date of his
application. Whether or not an application will be accepted after
the expiration of a year from a person dismissed from the service
rests with the Commission, and each case of this character will be
considered on its individual merits.

That he has failed after probation to receive absolute appointment
to the position for which he again applies within one year from the
date of the expiration of his probationary service.

That he has made a false statement in his application, or has
been guilty of fraud or deceit in any manner connected with his
application or examination, or has been guilty of crime or infamous
or notoriously disgraceful conduct.

That he has been discharged for desertion from the military or
naval service of the United States under section 1998, Revised
Statutes.


Clerks and Carriers Are Bonded.

Each clerk and carrier when appointed to the service must furnish
bonds in the sum of $1,000. In most first and second class cities
there are surety companies that make a specialty of supplying such
bonds for persons on entering the postal service. The charge,
which is paid by the employee, is twenty-five cents per annum for
a carrier and fifty cents for a clerk. In addition the carrier
must furnish his own uniform and cap, which averages from $15.00
to $20.00 a year. The only other expense imposed upon a clerk is
thirty-five cents for his badge, and this is returned to him when
he leaves the service and surrenders the badge.




CHAPTER III.

SALARIES AND OPPORTUNITIES.


The salaries for postal clerk and carrier are the same throughout
the Union. Starting in at $600 the first year, the man who is
efficient and has a clean record is advanced to $800 at the
beginning of the second year; the third year he goes to $900 and so
on to the sixth year when he reaches the maximum for this branch
of the service, $1,200. But there are opportunities beyond this
to clerks of exceptionable ability, and to carriers, too, if they
elect to be transferred to the clerical branch, as is evidenced in
the brilliant career of Postmaster Morgan of New York, referred to
in the opening chapter. Transfers are permitted from carrier to
clerk, or visa versa, after three or four years service.


Promotion For Good Clerks.

In cities having sub-stations, clerks are eligible to promotion to
assistant superintendent, and then to superintendent, with salaries
ranging from $1,300 to $2,500. They may also file applications with
the postmaster through their station superintendent for transfer
to another branch of the service, such as registry division. No
other examination is necessary, the places there, as also on the
windows, inquiry department, and on money order windows being
given to clerks who show meritorious service. The only promotion
examination given is to the money order division, which is not
to be confused with positions at money order windows. Besides
involving grave responsibilities the clerks in the money order
division are subject only to day work and have no night shifts.


Hours of Labor.

Employees in all branches of the federal government are required
to work only eight hours a day. The hours, however, may not always
be consecutive. Postal clerks, for instance, work usually in
three shifts. The hours vary but the following may be taken as an
example, allowing one hour for meals:

First shift, 10 A. M., until 7 P. M., second shift, 4 P. M.,
until 1 A. M.; third shift, 12 midnight until 9 A. M. If clerks
are required to work overtime they are given compensatory time or
leaves of absence during the week corresponding to the number of
hours overtime. This also applies to Sunday work.

Carriers are not allowed to work overtime and when they do
“demerits” are registered against them. While a carrier is at the
call of the government, so to speak, more hours in a day than is
a clerk, his hours of actual duty are the same, eight. They have
“swings,” or periods of intermission, between deliveries when their
time is their own and they are permitted to go where they please.
Regular carriers make deliveries only, and are rarely, if ever,
called upon to make collections.

Violations of the rules and inefficiency are punished by a system
of “demerits” ranging from 1 to 500 according to the degree of the
offense. “Demerits” in any considerable number naturally affect
a man’s advancement. Anything less than 500 is usually wiped out
at the end of a year and the offender starts again with a clean
slate. But if 500 or more is charged up against a man it remains a
constant reminder of past shortcomings.

Clerks and carriers who resign from the service may be reinstated
within one year, but, unless their absence was due to illness,
they lose a grade. In other words, they must work a year for $100
less salary than they received at time of resignation. In case
of illness employees must notify the postmaster through their
superintendent, without delay. Salaries are paid the 1st and 16th
of each month.


“Subs.”

“Subs,” in the parlance of the postal service, are men taken from
the regular eligible lists to act as substitute clerks and letter
carriers. In every large office there is always a lot of emergency
work due to sickness, or unusual demands. “Sub” clerks work on an
average from six to nine months--the duration varies greatly in
different offices--before receiving a permanent appointment, while
“sub” carriers have to work from three to four years before they
get a steady job. The collection of mail from street letter boxes
is entrusted to “sub” carriers, regular carriers attending only to
the delivery of mail. All “subs” receive thirty cents per hour and
their salary averages from $50 to $60 per month.


Carriers’ Moral Responsibility.

Carriers are not allowed to put letters into their own pockets to
carry them nor to throw away even the slightest piece of mail,
however valueless and unimportant it may appear. He must return to
the office everything that is undelivered, and after every trip
must bring back his satchel and his key, and make his comprehensive
written return in detail of the number and character of the pieces
handled by him. Every piece of mail entrusted to him has its
particular place and all must be arranged with system and order.
He is forbidden under all circumstances to return to any person
whatever letters deposited by them in the street mailing boxes from
which he makes collections, but if the sender of the letter wishes
it back, he must report to the postmaster through the head of his
division, and the postmaster has exclusive discretion to return it
to the writer.




CHAPTER IV.

WHERE AND HOW TO OBTAIN APPLICATION.


Examinations for the postal service usually are held in the fall,
about the first Wednesday or Saturday in November of each year.
Prospective applicants should write to the secretary of the civil
service district in which they reside--a list of these will be
found in the chapter under that heading--for the exact date and
place of the mental test and the time when applications may be had.
The blank, a copy of which is given elsewhere in this book, must be
carefully and correctly filled and all questions must be answered.
This requirement must not be overlooked, as to do so would mean the
sending of the application back to the applicant for correction,
thus causing loss of valuable time.

All answers must be written in ink, the application in the
handwriting of the applicant and the vouchers in the handwriting
of the signers. There must be no discrepancy in the name of the
applicant in any part of the application or in the vouchers. For
New York: Physical examinations take place after the mental
examinations, and only when called for appointment.

To make this point clear, applicants must see that all names are
signed alike in every part of the application. For instance: John
Doe must be John Doe everywhere and not J. Doe in one place and
John Doe elsewhere.

Applications or vouchers which are executed or dated more than six
months before the date of filing will not be accepted. After the
blank is properly executed, it must be filed with the secretary of
the local board of examiners. So far as possible file applications
personally. If circumstances are such that the application must be
mailed, register it and obtain a receipt for same. All applications
must be sworn to before a Notary Public.

Whenever extra examinations may become necessary, to meet the needs
of the service, due announcement will be made of the dates and
places of such examinations, and also of the time allowed for the
filing of applications.

A person cannot at the same time be an applicant for or eligible
from examination for more than one first-class post office for
which examinations ordinarily are held annually in November. This
restriction will not apply, however, when an examination is held
for any of these offices on a date other than that of the regular
annual examination.

A person who passes an examination can not be examined again for
the same post office within approximately one year of the date of
the examination he has passed. A person who fails in an examination
may take the next examination regardless of the time intervening.

A request for a change in the designation of the position desired
by an applicant must be made in writing and be received by the
district secretary on or before the date set for the close of
receipt of applications, otherwise no change will be made.

The postmaster is required to make selection for a vacancy from
not more than the highest three names on the appropriate register,
and for the next and any additional vacancies from not more than
the highest three remaining which have not been within his reach
for three separate vacancies. The name of an eligible must have
been within reach for three separate vacancies in a position before
it may be passed over in making selection for appointment to that
position.

When an eligible’s name is borne on both the clerk and the carrier
registers and has been three times certified (considered) for
one of the two positions, but not selected, his name will not be
further certified for that position, but his standing on the
register for the other position will not be affected. Neither will
declination of appointment when selected for one of the positions
affect the eligible’s standing on the register for the other
position. Appointment to either position will remove the eligible’s
name from the registers for both positions.

An eligible who has been within reach for three separate vacancies
in either the position of clerk or of carrier in his turn may
subsequently be selected for the position, subject to the approval
of the Commission, from the certificate upon which his name last
appeared, if the condition of the register has not so changed as to
place him in other respects beyond reach of certification.

In the Post Office Service appointments are usually made to the
position of substitute clerk or substitute carrier. Substitutes
are promoted in the order of their original appointment to the
first vacancies occurring in regular positions. Declination of
appointment as substitute will remove the name of the eligible
from the register from which selection was made, and it will not
be restored for consideration in connection with appointment to a
regular position only.

Auxiliary employees are paid for actual service at the rate of
30 cents an hour. They are required to work not less than two
hours daily, and may serve as substitutes. They are eligible for
appointment as clerks and carriers of the first grade.

All promotions of both clerks and carriers will be made at the
beginning of the quarter following the expiration of the year’s
service in the next lower grade. No promotion will be made except
upon evidence satisfactory to the Post Office Department of the
efficiency and faithfulness of the employee during the preceding
year. When a clerk or carrier fails of promotion because of
unsatisfactory service, he may be promoted at the beginning of
the second quarter thereafter, or of any subsequent quarter,
upon evidence that his record has been satisfactory during the
intervening period. Clerks and carriers of the highest grade are
eligible for promotion to the higher positions in their respective
offices.

Any male clerk in an office in which both clerks and city carriers
are employed, is eligible for transfer to the position of city
carrier, and any city carrier is eligible for transfer to the
position of clerk. Male clerks and city carriers are also eligible
for transfer to the position of rural carrier.




CHAPTER V.

OFFICES IN NEW YORK STATE.


Examinations for the first-class offices named below will be held
on the first Wednesday or Saturday in November of each year, if the
needs of the service so require. City delivery service has been
established at these offices, and their force includes both clerks
and city carriers.

  Albany, N. Y.
  Binghamton, N. Y.
  Brooklyn, N. Y.
  Buffalo, N. Y.
  Elmira, N. Y.
  Jersey City, N. J.
  Newark, N. J.
  New York, N. Y.
  Rochester, N. Y.
  Syracuse, N. Y.
  Troy, N. Y.
  Utica, N. Y.

Blank forms of application for the November examinations may be
obtained from the local secretary at the office where employment
is desired, or from the secretary of the Second Civil Service
District, custom house, New York City, between July 1 and October
1. Applications must be properly executed and filed with the
district secretary at New York City between July 1 and the close of
business on October 1.

For the following named offices the names of male eligibles are
entered on only one register--namely, the “clerk” or the “carrier”
register--and male applicants for these offices must indicate in
their applications whether they desire the position of “clerk” or
of “carrier:”

  Albany, N. Y.
  Auburn, N. Y.
  Binghamton, N. Y.
  Brooklyn, N. Y.
  Buffalo, N. Y.
  East Orange, N. J.
  Elizabeth, N. J.
  Elmira, N. Y.
  Flushing, N. Y.
  Hoboken, N. J.
  Jamaica, N. Y.
  Jersey City, N. J.
  Long Island City, N. Y.
  Newark, N. J.
  New York, N. Y.
  Orange, N. J.
  Passaic, N. J.
  Paterson, N. J.
  Rochester, N. Y.
  Schenectady, N. Y.
  Syracuse, N. Y.
  Troy, N. Y.
  Utica, N. Y.
  Yonkers, N. Y.

Examinations for the first and second-class offices in the
following list will be held only when eligibles are needed, due
announcement of which will be made, and application blanks will not
be given out until the examinations are announced. City delivery
service has been established at these offices, and their force
includes both clerks and city carriers. Names of first-class
offices are in black face type.

  Albion, N. Y.
  =Amsterdam, N. Y.=
  =Auburn, N. Y.=
  Baldwinsville, N. Y.
  Ballston Spa, N. Y.
  Batavia, N. Y.
  Bath, N. Y.
  =Bayonne, N. J.=
  =Bloomfield N. J.=
  Boonton, N. J.
  Brockport, N. Y.
  Canapoharie, N. Y.
  Canandaigua, N. Y.
  Canastota, N. Y.
  Canton, N. Y.
  Carthage, N. Y.
  Catskill, N. Y.
  Cohoes, N. Y.
  Cooperstown, N. Y.
  Corning, N. Y.
  =Cortlandt, N. Y.=
  Cranford, N. J.
  Dansville, N. Y.
  Deposit, N. Y.
  Dover, N. J.
  Dunkirk, N. Y.
  =East Aurora, N. Y.=
  =East Orange, N. J.=
  =Elizabeth, N. J.=
  Ellenville, N. Y.
  Englewood, N. J
  =Far Rockaway, N. J.=
  Fishkill-on-Hudson, N. Y.
  =Flushing, N. Y.=
  Fort Plain, N. Y.
  Fredonia, N. Y.
  Freport, N. Y.
  Fulton, N. Y.
  =Geneva, N. Y.=
  =Glens Falls, N. Y.=
  =Gloversville, N. Y.=
  Goshen, N. Y.
  Gouverneur, N. Y.
  =Hackensack, N. J.=
  Haverstraw, N. Y.
  Hempstead, N. Y.
  Herkimer, N. Y.
  =Hoboken, N. J.=
  Hoosick Falls, N. Y.
  Hornell, N. Y.
  Hudson, N. Y.
  Hudson Falls, N. Y.
  Ilion, N. Y.
  Irvington, N. Y.
  =Ithaca, N. Y.=
  =Jamaica, N. Y.=
  =Jamestown, N. Y.=
  Johnstown, N. Y.
  =Kingston, N. Y.=
  =LeRoy, N. Y.=
  Lestershire, N. Y.
  Liberty, N. Y.
  Little Falls, N. Y.
  =Lockport, N. Y.=
  =Long Island City, N. Y.=
  Lowville, N. Y.
  Lyons, N. Y.
  Madison, N. J.
  Malone, N. Y.
  Mamaroneck, N. Y.
  Mechanicsville, N. Y.
  Medina, N. Y.
  =Middletown, N. Y.=
  =Montclair, N. J.=
  =Morristown, N. J.=
  =Mount Vernon, N. Y.=
  =Newark, N. Y.=
  New Brighton, N. Y.
  =Newbury, N. Y.=
  =New Rochelle, N. Y.=
  Newton, N. J.
  =Niagara Falls, N. Y.=
  Northport, N. Y.
  North Tonowanda, N. Y.
  Norwich, N. Y.
  Nyack, N. Y.
  Ogdensburg, N. Y.
  Olean, N. Y.
  Oneida, N. Y.
  Oneonta, N. Y.
  =Orange, N. J.=
  Ossining, N. Y.
  =Oswego, N. Y.=
  Owego, N. Y.
  Palmyra, N. Y.
  =Passaic, N. J.=
  Patchogue, N. Y.
  =Paterson, N. J.=
  Peekskill, N. Y.
  Penn Yan, N. Y.
  =Plainfield, N. J.=
  Plattsburg, N. Y.
  =Port Chester, N. Y.=
  Port Jervis, N. Y.
  Port Richmond, N. Y.
  Potsdam, N. Y.
  =Poughskeepsie, N. Y.=
  Rahway, N. J.
  Rensselaer, N. Y.
  Ridgewood, N. J.
  Rockville Center, N. Y.
  =Rome, N. Y.=
  Rosebank, N. Y.
  Rutherford, N. J.
  Salamanca, N. Y.
  Saranac Lake, N. Y.
  =Saratoga Springs, N. Y.=
  Saugerties, N. Y.
  =Schenectady, N. Y.=
  Seneca Falls, N. Y.
  Silver Creek, N. Y.
  South Orange, N. J.
  Stapleton, N. Y.
  Summit, N. J.
  =Tarrytown, N. Y.=
  Tompkinsville, N. Y.
  Tonawanda, N. Y.
  Walden, N. Y.
  Walton, N. Y.
  =Watertown, N. Y.=
  Watervliet, N. Y.
  Watkins, N. Y.
  Waverly, N. Y.
  =Weehawken, N. J.=
  Wellsville, N. J.
  Westfield, N. J.
  Westfield, N. Y.
  =West Hoboken, N. J.=
  West New Brighton, N. Y.
  =White Plains, N. Y.=
  =Yonkers, N. Y.=

Candidates for New York City and vicinity will find a Notary Public
and a staff of Civil Service experts at the office of THE CHIEF
during business hours, who will enlighten the candidates on any
doubtful point.




CHAPTER VI.

QUESTIONS TO BE FILLED OUT IN APPLICATION.


1. (a) For what positions do you wish to be examined?

(b) For what Service (Postal or Customs) do you wish to be examined?

(c) In what city or town do you desire employment?

2. What is your name in full? Give your first name in full, your
middle initial, or initials, if any, and your surname in full.

3. Are you a citizen of the United States? Answer must be “Yes” or
“No.” If a naturalized citizen, your certificate of naturalization,
or the certificate of naturalization of one of your parents (if
such parent was naturalized while you were a minor), with sworn
statements, on Form 44, of two disinterested citizens as to the
reputed relationship, must be forwarded with the application. The
certificate will be returned to you.

4. (a) Where were you born?

(b) What was the month, day and year of your birth?

(c) What was your age on your last birthday?

5. Name the kind of school in which you were educated. Viz: Common
school, high school, business college, academy, college, etc.
If educated in high school, academy, college, university, etc.,
give the name and location of the school, and state how long you
attended, and whether you were graduated.

6. How long did you attend school, and at what age did you leave
school?

7. Are you or have you been married? Answer “Yes” or “No.” If
applicant is a married woman, the full name, post office address
and legal residence of her husband are required. A married woman,
not divorced, but living apart from her husband, should state the
facts, if any, entitling her to separate residence.

8. Are any members of your family, or any of your relatives, in the
service of the Government? Answer “Yes” or “No.” If so, state their
names, in what position, in what branch of the service, and the
relationship. This does not apply to state or municipal service.

9. Have you ever been convicted of, or indicted for, any crime.
Answer “Yes” or “No.” If so, inclose herewith an abstract from the
court proceedings to show the essential action taken, and also
furnish a statement from the trial judge or other court officer
showing the surrounding circumstances and your reputation for
honesty and integrity.

10. (a) Do you habitually or at times use intoxicating liquors,
tobacco, morphine, or opium to excess?

(b) If so, which?

(c) Have you ever used intoxicating liquors, tobacco, morphine, or
opium to excess?

(d) If so which?

11. (a) Have you any defect of sight in either eye?

(b) Have you any defect of speech?

(c) Have you any defect of limb?

(d) Have you any defect of hearing?

12. What is your height, measured in your bare feet?

13. What is your weight in your ordinary clothing, without overcoat
or cloak?

14. Have you been examined for any branch of the classified service
within twelve months next preceding the date of application? If so,
state for what branches, for what positions, the date, and results.
The different branches of the service are: Postoffice, Customs,
Internal Revenue, Departmental, and Government Printing?

15. (a) Have you ever been barred from examination by this
Commission? Answer “Yes” or “No.”

(b) If so, state when and for what reason.

(c) Give the date, place, and kind of examination for which you
applied and in connection with which you were barred.

16. (a) Have you any other application on file for any branch of
the classified service? Answer “Yes” or “No.”

(b) If so, what branch and for what position?

(c) Is your name now on any register for appointment in any branch
of the classified service? Answer “Yes” or “No.”

(d) If so, for what branch, in what city, and for what position?
This does not apply to state or municipal service.

17. Are you now in the Government Civil Service? Answer “Yes” or
“No.”

18. (a) Were you ever separated from the Government Civil Service?
Answer “Yes” or “No.”

(b) If so, state when, from what position, what city, and branch
of service, and whether you resigned or were discharged. Avoid any
allusion to politics or to change of administration.

19. (a) Are you now in the Military or Naval Service of the United
States? Answer “Yes” or “No.” Do not give service in the National
Guard.

(b) Were you ever honorably discharged from the Military or Naval
Service of the United States on account of disability resulting
from wounds received or sickness incurred in the line of duty?
If so, give the name of the vessel on which, or the company and
regiment in which you served, with the dates of your enlistment and
discharge.

(c) Give the exact name under which you enlisted and were
discharged.

20. (a) What is your present place of abode.

(b) What is your present occupation, business, employment, or
position.

(c) What was your place of abode (city or town, and State) during
last year?

(d) What was your occupation, business, employment, or position
during that year?

(e) What was your place of abode (city or town, and State) during
the year preceding last year?

(f) What was your occupation, business, employment, or position
during that year?

(g) What was your place of abode (city or town, and State) during
the second year preceding last year?

(h) What was your occupation, business, employment, or position
during that year?

21. Give the names and addresses of five persons, other than
vouchers, to whom reference can be made as to your character and
qualifications. One of these must reside in, or be engaged in
business in the city or town in which you seek employment.

22. Have you been employed in any State or Municipal Service?
Answer “Yes” or “No.” If so, when, where, and in what positions?

23. (a) Were you ever discharged on account of delinquency or
misconduct from any position in which you were employed? Answer
“Yes” or “No.”

(b) If so, state when, from what position, and by whom were you
discharged.

24. Are each and all of the answers to the foregoing questions in
your own handwriting? Answer “Yes” or “No.”

I hereby certify that the answers to the foregoing questions are
true in every particular.

  (Signature of Applicant) ............

  (P. O. address) ..............

(The following oath must be taken before a Notary Public, or other
officer authorized to administer oaths for general purposes, and
the officer’s signature must be authenticated by official seal. If
the oath be taken before a Justice of the Peace or other officer
who has no official seal, his character must be certified by the
Clerk of Court, Secretary of State, or other proper officer, under
official seal.)

The Notary is requested to see that all the foregoing questions are
answered in full before executing the jurat.

Sworn to and subscribed before me by the above-mentioned applicant,
to me personally known, this ...... day of ................ 190..,
at ........... county of ............................ and State (or
Territory or District) ........................

  (Signature of officer) ...................

  (Official impressed seal.) (Official title) .........

The official seal must not be omitted.

Every applicant for examination must furnish the vouchers of two
citizens of the United States, each of whom must be at least
twenty-one years of age, and must have known the applicant for six
months or more. Vouchers will not be accepted from the father,
mother, sister, brother, husband, wife or child of the applicant,
and not more than one voucher will be accepted from relatives of
more remote degree.

No recommendations other than those provided for hereon will be
accepted by the Commission.


Vouchers.

The following is a sample of the two vouchers; all answers made by
vouchers must be in their own handwriting.

1. What is your own age? Age of voucher, not applicant, is wanted.
If you so prefer, the statement that you are over 21 years of age
is sufficient.

2. What is your occupation?

3. What is your business address in full?

4. What is your actual bona fide (legal) residence? City and State?

5. How long have you been such resident thereof?

6. How long have you been acquainted with the applicant?

7. Is the applicant addicted to the use of intoxicating beverages,
tobacco, morphine, or opium? If so, to which?

8. Has the applicant ever been addicted to the use of intoxicating
beverages, tobacco, morphine, or opium? If so, to which?

9. Is the applicant a person of good moral character, and of good
repute?

10. Are you related to the applicant? If so, what is the
relationship?

11. Are you aware of any circumstances tending to disqualify the
applicant for the public service?

12. Would you yourself trust the applicant with employment
requiring undoubted honesty?

13. What is the name of the applicant for whom you furnish this
certificate? First name, middle initial, or initials, if there be
any, and last name, should be correctly given.

The above questions are answered to the best of my knowledge and
belief.

  (Signature of voucher) ......................

  (P. O. address) .........................

Date, ............... 190 .

(=Applicant will NOT fill the following blank.=)

Final certificate of naturalization of ............. issued by
the ............. Court of .............. on ............ I
............., was filed with this application by the applicant,
and was found by me to be in due form in all respects. The
certificate was returned to the applicant on ....... .........,
190....

  (Initials) .................




CHAPTER VII.

MEDICAL CERTIFICATE.


All applicants for the Postal Service must have this certificate
executed.

Questions 1, 2, 3, 7, 8, 9, and the parenthetical part of question
13, are not required in the case of female applicants.

This certificate need not be executed for examinations at second
and third class post offices. When the result of examinations at
such offices is determined, the highest four eligibles will be
required to furnish the certificate.

Applicants for the Postal Service (male and female) who are
defective in any of the following-named particulars will not be
appointed by that Department: Deaf-mutes, hunchbacks, persons
having defective hearing, sight, or speech; persons totally blind
or blind in one eye; one-armed, one-handed, or one-legged persons,
or those having crippled arms or legs, and those suffering from
asthma, consumption, or hernia. The applications of such persons
will, therefore, not be accepted.

1. What is the applicant’s exact height in his bare feet? (The
physician must himself measure and weigh the applicant.)

2. What is the applicant’s exact weight in his ordinary clothing,
without overcoat or hat?

3. Did you yourself weigh and measure the applicant?

4. What is the condition of the applicant’s sight? (If possible,
the test should be made with Snelen’s cards, and expressed in
twentieths.)

If the applicant has any defect of sight in either eye, describe
fully.

Is the defect in sight corrected by the use of glasses?

5. What is the condition of the applicant’s hearing? (State the
distance, in feet, at which he can hear the ticking of a closed
watch held in the open hand, testing each ear with the other
plugged.)

If he has any defect of hearing of either ear describe fully.

6. What is the condition of the applicant’s speech? If he has any
defect of speech describe fully.

7. What is the condition of the applicant’s limbs?

If he has any defect in either arm or in either leg describe fully,
and state to what extent it interferes with the proper function of
the limb.

(Varicose veins, ulcers, or any deformity should be specially
reported.)

8. Has the applicant any rupture?

9. Has the applicant varicocele, hydrocele, internal or external
piles, fistula in ano, or any cutaneous disease?

If so, describe the disease, and state to what extent the applicant
is afflicted.

10. Has the applicant any defect in the functions of the brain or
nervous system?

If so, describe the disease, and state to what extent the applicant
is affected.

Has the applicant ever had an epileptic fit?

Is he subject to these attacks?

11. Give the measurements of the applicant’s chest:

At rest.

At full inspiration.

At full expiration.

12. Is the applicant’s respiration full, free, and unobstructed in
both lungs?

If not, state to what extent obstructed.

13. State the frequency of the action of the applicant’s heart:

When sitting.

When standing.

When standing after brief exercise. (The applicant should be
required to hop on one foot the distance of about 12 feet.)

14. Are there indications in the heart’s action of organic,
muscular, or nervous derangement?

If so, describe fully.

15. Are there indications that the applicant is addicted to the
excessive use of intoxicating beverages, tobacco, or narcotics in
any form.

If so, describe fully.

16. Has the applicant any form of disease or disability which is
likely to unfit him for the performance of the work of the position
for which he applies?

17. State whether the applicant is capable of prolonged, severe,
mental and physical exertion, and equal to the demands of a very
exhausting occupation.

18. Are you a regularly licensed physician, and duly authorized by
the laws of your State to practice medicine?

19. Of what medical institution are you a graduate?

This space is to be filled out by the applicant in his own
handwriting, in the presence of the physician.

  (Signature of applicant) ................

I certify that I have made a thorough examination of the
above-named applicant, that each and all of the above answers are
in my own handwriting and are true, and that the applicant wrote
his signature just above in my presence.

  (Signature of physician) ....................

  (P. O. address of physician) ................

  Date, ............., 190..




CHAPTER VIII.

THE EDUCATIONAL TEST.

Subjects and Weights and Specimens of Previous Questions Asked.


Examinations for the Postal Service are of the second grade. Any
person with a common school education should have no trouble in
passing them. The average candidate, however, has been some years
out of school and is very apt to be what we call “rusty.” In
other words, to have forgotten much that he was taught at school
concerning the subjects required. The wise thing for him to do,
when he has made up his mind to take the examination, no matter
whether the date of it is one month or six months away, the longer
the better, is to improve his knowledge of each subject as much
and as far as is possible. He must not content himself with just
getting on the list, many of which are cancelled while yet there
remain many names not reached for appointment, but do his utmost to
win the highest possible rating.

The government service to-day, particularly the postal branch, is
no place for indifferent, sluggish, or inefficient men. Though 70
per cent. is the passing mark to obtain a place on the list, it
is a poor recommendation of a man’s intelligence and efficiency,
or of his possible growth in these attainments. And really there
is no excuse for a man who can read and write getting so low a
percentage. It shows, more or less convincingly, that he was not
diligent, that there was little or no earnestness in his purpose,
and the average postmaster will not be over-eager to find a place
for him.

The questions in each subject are simple, and any man of ordinary
education can, unaided by outside instructors, fit himself to
obtain 90 per cent. with ease. A few simple text books, and steady,
pains-taking study during leisure hours are all that are necessary.
A postal card to THE CHIEF will promptly bring to you a list of
books covering each subject, each book prepared by an expert on
civil service.

Applicants are notified of the date and place of an examination at
least two weeks in advance of the time set.


Subjects of Examination.

The table given below indicates the subjects of the examination and
the weights given to each:

                             Weights.
  1. Spelling                   15
  2. Arithmetic                 20
  3. Letter Writing             20
  4. Penmanship                 20
  5. Copying from plain copy    15
  6. Reading Addresses          10
                               ---
  Total                        100

The following are specimen questions given at a previous
examination.


First Subject--Spelling.

Twenty words are dictated by the examiner. Each word is pronounced
and its definition given. The competitor is required to write only
the words and not their definitions, and to write them in the blank
spaces on the first sheet of the examination paper. All words
should be commenced with capital letters.

=Opponent=: One who opposes; as, a political opponent.

=President=: The Chief Executive of the United States.

=Conqueror=: One who conquers.

=Wholesome=: Healthful; as, wholesome food.

=Achieve=: To gain; as, to achieve success.

=Tranquil=: Quiet or peaceful.

=Detach=: To separate or remove; as, to detach a leaf from a book.

=Expensive=: Very costly.

=Decease=: Death; as, a person’s decease.

=Noticeable=: Worthy of notice; as, a noticeable occasion.

=Suspicious=: Exciting suspicion; as, a suspicious circumstance.

=Terrace=: A raised bank of earth.

=Rapping=: Making a number of quick blows.

=Language=: The speech of a people; as, the English language.

=Schedule=: A list or inventory; as, a schedule of prices.

=Tying=: Binding or fastening with a cord.

=Vulgar=: Low or mean.

=Course=: A way or track; as, a race course.

=Salary=: A stated allowance paid for services.

=Chicago=: A city in the United States.


Second Subject--Arithmetic.

In solving problems the processes should be not merely indicated,
but all the figures necessary in solving each problem should be
given in full. The answer to each problem should be indicated by
writing “Ans.” after it.

1. Add the following, and from the sum subtract 32,885,696 (here
will be given a short column of figures).

2. Multiply 7-2/25ths by 36.8, and divide the product by 1.92.
Solve by decimals.

3. A carrier can assort 43 letters or 37 papers in a minute. At
this rate, how many hours will it take him to assort 3,655 letters
and 185 pounds of papers, averaging 7 papers to the pound?

4. A lot which was 53 feet wide and 150 feet long sold for
$8,347.50, which was one-fourth more than it cost. What was the
cost per square foot?

5. In a certain mail there are 294 pounds 14 ounces of newspapers
weighing at the rate of 3 papers to every 7 ounces. How many papers
are there in the mail? 16 ounces equals one pound.


Problems In Earlier Examinations.

If a railroad car runs 41-1/2 miles per hour, how far would it go
in 12 days running 10-1/2 hours per day?

If paper is worth 40 cents per pound, what is the cost of one sheet
of paper weighing six pounds to the ream? (480 sheets equals one
ream.)

An office uses 98 pounds of twine per year in tying packages.
Allowing 178 yards to the pound, how many packages are tied if
each requires an average of 1-1/2 feet?

Multiply 696.6 by 785.09 and divide the product by 25.

A carrier makes 4 trips a day, carrying 64 letters and 32 papers
each trip. The letters average in weight 1/4 oz. each, and the
papers 2 oz. each. How many pounds of mail does he deliver in a
day? (16 oz. to the pound.)

Multiply 26.32 by 3, and to the product add 2.04.

Three gross of lead pencils are divided equally among the clerks in
a post office, giving to each clerk eleven and leaving a remainder
of fourteen pencils. How many clerks are there in the office.


Third Subject--Letter Writing.

The competitor is given his choice of one of two subjects on
which to write a letter of not less than 125 words. One year the
subjects were on the advantages of city and of country life. At
another time the candidates were required to tell what they thought
of our colonial expansion in Porto Rico and the Philippines. In
a recent test one of the subjects was “Give your views as to the
advantages derived from free public libraries in the principal
cities of your State.” The object of this exercise is to test the
candidate’s skill in writing an intelligent letter. Errors in form
and address, in spelling, capitalization, punctuation, syntax and
style, count against the competitor. The rules for rating will be
found under a separate chapter.


Fourth Subject--Penmanship.

The rating on penmanship will be determined by legibility,
rapidity, neatness, and general appearance and by correctness and
uniformity in the formation of words, letters, and punctuation
marks in the exercise of the subject of copying from plain copy. No
particular style of penmanship is preferred.


Fifth Subject--Copying From Plain Copy.

Candidates are required to make an exact copy of a piece of
composition. All omissions and mistakes, change of paragraphs,
spelling, capitals and punctuation, count against the competitor.
The following was given in a previous examination:

No recommendation of an applicant, competitor, or eligible
involving any disclosure of his political or religious opinions
or affiliations shall be received, filed or considered by the
Commission, by any board of examiners, or by any nominating or
appointing officer. In making removals or reductions or in imposing
punishment for delinquency or misconduct, penalties like in
character shall be imposed for like offenses, and action thereupon
shall be taken irrespective of the political or religious opinions
or affiliations of the offenders. A person holding a position on
the date said position is classified under the civil service act
shall be entitled to all the rights and benefits possessed by
persons of the same class or grade appointed upon examination under
the provisions of said act.


Sixth Subject--Reading Addresses.

This exercise consists of the reading of a number of written
addresses, which are photolithographed on one sheet. A second sheet
is furnished, which contains the same addresses, these addresses
being printed and containing errors of omission, substitution or
insertion. The competitor is required to indicate the errors in
each printed address by underscoring with a pencil thus, ____,
any portion of a printed address which is not a correct copy of
the written address, and by a caret, thus ^, any omitted words,
figures or initials. Words abbreviated in the written address, but
printed in full in the printed address, are regarded as correct,
if the correct words are printed. Differences in punctuating or
capitalization are not regarded as errors. The time allowed will
be limited, and the rating will be determined on accuracy only.

The following are illustrations of the method which should be
pursued in indicating errors.

WRITTEN ADDRESS--CORRECT

[Illustration: PRINTED ADDRESS--WITH ERRORS NOTED

  ++Theodore M.++ Martin, Foreman ^ Water Works,
  High ++Road++, Grand Forks, North Dakota.
]

WRITTEN ADDRESS--CORRECT

[Illustration: PRINTED ADDRESS--WITH ERRORS NOTED.

  Major ^ A. ++T.++ Chandler,
  Fort ++Thompson, Alden++ County, Alabama.
]




CHAPTER IX.

COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.

Studies in Each of the Subjects on Which Examinations Are Based.


The following lessons are based on previous examinations. The
subjects are somewhat broad in scope in order to carry the student
over every possible contingency. Careful study will enable the
competitor to meet all the requirements.


Spelling.

  Confederacy,
  Deity,
  Chirography,
  Worthy,
  Paltry,
  Electioneer,
  Anvil,
  Rumor,
  Gravity,
  Ancient,
  Chiropody,
  Vogue,
  Squirrel, a small animal.
  Pippin,
  Yoke, a connecting frame for draft cattle.
  Aspirant, one who seeks earnestly; a candidate.
  Terminus,
  Brutal,
  Cholera,
  Glimmer,
  Chirp,
  Ere,
  Intuition,
  Niche,
  Granary,
  Copartner,
  Autocrat,
  Inconstancy,
  Officiate,
  Delicacy,
  Ninetieth,
  Credulous,
  Fiftieth,
  Tincture,
  Wigwam,
  Eyelet,
  Tyranny,
  Undulate,
  Committee,
  Conservatory,
  Literary,
  Legislature,
  Anomalous,
  Desirous,
  Radiant,
  Jamb,
  Chilblain,
  Delightful,
  Inaugurate,
  Freight,
  Earnest,
  Quadrille,
  Lullaby,
  Usury,
  Audacious,
  Though,
  Equitable,
  Bivouac,
  Integrity,
  Asthma,
  Maniac,
  Dissolve,
  Admittance,
  Occupy,
  Constituency,
  Irritable,
  Advertisement,
  Halibut,
  Strength,
  Melodious,
  Wheelbarrow,
  Curtain,
  Senate,
  Superscribe,
  Convertible,
  Adversary,
  Illuminate,
  Circuit,
  Remnant,
  Stencil,
  Degradation,
  Claret,
  Ludicrous,
  Idea,
  Saucy,
  Recollect,
  Cupola,
  Familiar,
  Mammoth,
  Drawee,
  Motor,
  Presumption,
  Monosyllable,
  Apprentice,
  Alcohol,
  Charity,
  Plantain,
  Stampede,
  Demonstrate,
  Longitude.


ARITHMETIC.

Lessons in Decimals.


The paper on arithmetic in second grade examinations usually
contains one, sometimes two, problems in common or decimal
fractions. These are no more difficult to solve when one
understands the rules governing them, than any simple test in
addition, division, etc. In whole numbers, as 57, 563, 4278, the
various units increase on a scale of ten to the left (or decrease
on the same scale of ten to the right). Thus in the last number we
say 8 units, 7 tens, 2 hundreds, and 4 thousands or four thousand
two hundred seventy-eight.

Decimals also decrease on a scale of ten to the right (or increase
on the same scale of ten to the left). In writing decimals, we
first write the decimal point, which is the same mark we use at
the close of a sentence and is called a period. Then the first
figure to the right is called “tenths” and is written thus .6,
meaning six tenths. The second figure stands for hundredths as
.06, six hundredths; .006 for six thousandths; .0006 for six
ten-thousandths; .00006 for six hundred-thousandths; .000006 for
six millionths, etc. When a whole number, previously mentioned,
and decimals are written together as 47.328, it is called a mixed
number.

The only distinction between reading whole numbers and decimals is
made by adding this to the ending of decimals, and the denomination
of the right-hand figure must be expressed to give the proper
value to decimal parts. For instance, .12, is twelve hundredths;
.007, is seven thousandths; .062, is sixty-two thousandths;
.201, is two hundred one thousandths; .5562, is five thousand
five hundred sixty-two ten-thousandths; .24371, is twenty-four
thousand three hundred seventy-one hundred-thousandths; .893254,
is eight hundred ninety-three thousand two hundred fifty-four
millionths, etc. Remember that in decimals the first figure stands
for, tenths; the second, hundredths; the third, thousandths; the
fourth, ten-thousandths; the fifth, hundred-thousandths; the sixth,
millionths, and that in reading decimals we add the denomination of
the right-hand figure. When reading a mixed number the word “=and=”
is used, and then only, to indicate the decimal point. Thus 45.304
should be read forty-five AND three hundred four thousandths.

Addition and subtraction of decimals differ from similar operations
of whole numbers only in the placing of the figures. In whole
numbers units come under units, tens under tens, etc. To illustrate:

What is the sum of 260, 4398, 305, 2, 29?

The figures are placed thus:

    260
  4,398
    305
      2
     29
  -----
  4,994

Now let us take the same figures expressed decimally: .260, .4398,
.305, .2, .29.

   .260
   .4398
   .305
   .2
   .29
  ------
  1.4948

In subtraction of whole numbers or decimals the figures are placed
as in addition.

Examples--Subtract .204 from .4723.

  .4723
  .204
  -----
  .2683

Subtract 5.346 from .937.

  5.346
   .937
  -----
  4.409

Subtract .753 from 18. (Note that the point or period is placed to
the left of “753” indicating decimals, but in connection with the
number “18,” a dot is placed to the right as a mark of punctuation
merely, thus showing that “18” is a whole number.)

Now from the whole number “18,” which is the minuend because it is
the number to be subtracted from, we are to subtract .753, and it
is done in this way:

  Minuend    18.000
  Subtrahend   .753
             ------
             17.247

The three ciphers are added to the minuend to correspond to the
decimal places in the subtrahend. It is not necessary to put the
ciphers down, but beginners are apt to get confused if there is
nothing there to correspond to the decimals below. Annex as many
ciphers to the minuend as there are decimals in the subtrahend, and
place in the remainder a decimal point under those of the numbers
subtracted.

Multiplication of decimals differs somewhat from the previous
operations mentioned for the reason that we do not necessarily
place the decimal points directly under each other. The right-hand
figure of the multiplier usually goes under the right-hand
figure of the multiplicand and the problem is then worked out as
in multiplying whole numbers. When the product is obtained we
point off as many decimal places in it as there are in both the
multiplier and the multiplicand.

Let us take as an example: Multiply 2.648 by 2.35

  Multiplicand   2.648
  Multiplier      2.35
                 -----
                 13240
                 7944
                5296
               -------
  Product      6.22280

It will be seen that there are three decimals in the multiplicand
and 2 decimals in the multiplier, hence we point off five decimals
in the product.

In the operation of division of decimals the decimal point is not
considered until the result is obtained. If the number of decimal
places in the dividend is less than the number of decimal places
in the divisor ciphers must be annexed or added to make up the
deficiency, and the decimal point is then suppressed, thus reducing
the operation to the division of two whole numbers. If there is no
remainder, the quotient is a whole number, if there is a remainder,
add a cipher to the right of it and place a decimal point to the
right of the quotient obtained, then continue the division as far
as desirable by adding ciphers to the right of the successive
remainders, for each of which a new decimal will be obtained in the
quotient.

Divide 460 by .5.

  .5)460(92
     45
     --
      10
      10
      --
        0

Fractions are reduced to decimals by annexing ciphers to the
numerator and then dividing by the denominator.

For instance--5/8 equals what decimal?

  8)5.000(.625 = 5/8
    48
    --
    .20
     16
     --
     .40
      40


Lessons by Prof. Jean P. Genthon, C.E., Member Society of Municipal
Engineers and Author of “The Assistant Engineer,” “The Chief’s”
Text Book on Civil Engineering.

In solving problems the process should be not merely indicated, but
all the figures necessary in solving each problem should be given
in full. The answers to each problem should be indicated by writing
“Ans.” after it.

=Arithmetic= is the science of numbers.

=A Number= is the result of the comparison (also called
measurement) of a magnitude or quantity with another magnitude or
quantity of the same kind supposed to be known.

=A Concrete Number= is one the nature of the unit of which is known.

=Denominate Number.=--A concrete number the standard of which is
fixed by law or established by long usage.

=An Abstract Number= is one of which the nature of the unit is
unknown.

=How to Read Numbers.=--The right way to read 101,274, etc., is one
hundred one, two hundred seventy-four, etc.

=The Decimal Point.=--A period, called decimal point, is placed in
a mixed number between the integral part and the decimal portion
which follows. It should never be omitted.

=Roman Numbers.=--I stands for 1, V for 5, X for 10, L for 50, C
for 100, D for 500 and M for 1,000.

=Abbreviations.=--A smaller unit, written to the left of a greater
one, is subtracted from the latter, as: IV = 4 (IV is marked
IIII on clock and watch dials); IX = 9; XC = 90; CD = 400, etc.
Sometimes a Roman number is surmounted by a dash or vinculum; it
then expresses thousands, as IX = 9,000.


Addition.

=Addition.=--Operation which consists in taking in any order all
the units and portions of units of several numbers and forming with
them a single number called their Sum or Total.

=Addition of Long Columns of Numbers.=--When long columns of
numbers are to be added, the student should endeavor to add more
than one figure at a time. He may pick those which aggregate 10,
15, 20, etc., and add the intermediate figures when convenient.

=Sign of Addition.=--The sign of addition is the
horizontal-vertical or Roman cross + placed between all the numbers
to be added; it is read Plus.

=To Prove an Addition.=--The shortest way to prove an addition is
to do it over again from bottom to top.

=Sign of Equality.=--The sign of equality is two short equal
horizontal parallels =; it reads Equal.


Subtraction.

=Subtraction.=--An operation which consists in taking from a number
called =minuend= (m) all the units and parts of units contained in
another number called =subtrahend= (s). The result is called the
=difference= (d) of the two numbers or the =remainder= of their
subtraction.

=Sign of Subtraction.=--The sign of subtraction is a horizontal
dash - placed between the minuend, written first, and the
subtrahend. Thus: 84 - 38 = d; 84 - 38 = 46. Generally m - s = d.

=To Prove a Subtraction.=--Add from bottom to top the difference
and the subtrahend; the sum must equal the minuend.


Multiplication.

=Multiplication.=--An operation which consists in repeating a
number called =multiplicand= (M) as many times as there are units
in another column called =multiplier= (m); the result is called the
=product= (p) of the numbers, and the numbers themselves are called
=factors= of the product. This definition may be extended to the
case where the factors are not whole numbers.

=Sign of Multiplication.=--The sign of multiplication is the
oblique or St. Andrew’s cross ×, called multiplied by, and placed
between the factors written one after the other.

Thus: 35 × 7 = p; 35 × 7 = 245. Generally M × m = p.

=To Prove a Multiplication.=--Multiplication may be proved by a
second multiplication in which the factors are inverted.

This is the surest but the longest method.

=Another Proof of the Multiplication.=--Find the residue of the
multiplicand and multiplier. Multiply them and find the residue of
their product; this is equal to the residue of the product of the
multiplication.

     64327   4   Residue of the multiplicand.
       781   7   Residue of the multiplier.
  --------  --
            28  1 Residue of the product of the residues
     64327
   514616
  450289
  --------
  50239387      1 Residue of the product of multiplication.

=Proof Not Absolute.=--Practically a proof is not absolute, because
an error may be committed in its use, and also it may not work well
in all cases.

=Power of a Number.=--When the factors of a product are equal, the
product is called a power of the factor.

=Square of a Number.=--A power is a square when it is the product
of two (2) equal factors, as 7 × 7 = 49, in which 49 is the square
of 7. The term square is derived from the fact that the area of a
square is obtained by multiplying the length of its side by itself,
or taking it twice as a factor.

=Cube of a Number.=--A power is a cube when it is the product of
three (3) equal factors, as 5 × 5 × 5 = 125, in which 125 is the
cube of 5.

The term cube is derived from the fact that the volume of a cube is
obtained by multiplying the length of its side by itself and again
by itself, or by taking it three times as a factor.

A product, for instance, of 4, 9, etc., equal factors would be
called the 4th or the 9th, etc., power of that number.


Division.

=Division.=--An operation by means of which we find one of two
factors of a product when that product and the other factor are
given. The given product is called =Dividend= (D) of the division;
the known factor is called the =Divisor= (d), and the unknown
factor which is sought is called =Quotient= (q). We know that a
quotient is seldom exact and that there is generally a =Remainder=
(r) or =Residue=.

=Sign of Division.=--The sign of division is a small dash with a
point above and one below ÷; it is read divided by, is placed after
the dividend, and is followed by the divisor. For instance, to
indicate the division of 72 by 8, which we know gives the quotient
9, we write 72 ÷ 8 = 9; generally D ÷ d = q.

=Other Sign of Division.=--In the study of fractions it is shown
that a fraction expresses the quotient of its numerator by its
denominator, so that the preceding identity may be written 72/8 =
9, or more generally D/d = q, and another sign of division is a
horizontal line separating the dividend written above it from the
divisor written below it.

=Proof of the Division.=--We prove a division by multiplying the
divisor by the quotient and adding the remainder, if there is any;
the result thus obtained must equal the dividend. When there is a
remainder, the formula of division is D = dq + r.

By 2.--A number is divisible by 2 when it is an even number, that
is to say when it ends with 0, 2, 4, 6 or 8, as 70,836.

By 3.--A number is divisible by 3 when its residue is zero or is
divisible by 3.

By 4.--A number is divisible by 4 when the number formed by the
last two figures to the right is divisible by 4; 7528 is divisible
by 4 because 28 is divisible by 4.

By 5.--A number is divisible by 5 when it ends with 0 or 5, as
75,270.

By 6.--A number is divisible by 6 when it is divisible by 2 and 3,
as 474, because when a number is divisible by several others it is
divisible by their product.

By 8.--A number is divisible by 8 when the number formed by the
last three figures to the right is divisible by 8; 37104 is
divisible by 8 because 104 is divisible by 8.

By 9.--A number is divisible by 9 when its residue is 9 or 0.

By 10.--A number is divisible by 10 when the last figure to the
right is 0.

By 100.--A number is divisible by 100 when the last two figures to
the right are 00.

By 11.--A number is divisible by 11 when the sum of the figures of
even rank subtracted from the sum of the figures of uneven rank
(increased by 11 if necessary) is 0 or divisible by 11, as 95832,
3304081.

By 12.--A number is divisible by 12 when it is divisible by 3 and
4, as 756.

By 15.--A number is divisible by 15 when it is divisible by 3 and
5, as 255.




Suggestions for the Study of Arithmetic

By ERNEST L. CRANDALL

Former Civil Service Examiner


There are certain “standard errors,” so to speak, that the
unsuccessful candidate makes nine times out of ten, and if these
are eliminated every one, with a little practice, may put himself
in line for 100 per cent.

While the examples may take the form of “problems,” the only
processes involved will be simple addition, subtraction,
multiplication and division--no fractions or decimals.

In addition there is but one thing to be observed. If your numbers
are not all of equal length arrange them so that the last figures
are all in the same column. Suppose you have to add 357,856, 7,596,
452 and 29,360. Following are the right and wrong ways to arrange
them:

  Right way.               Wrong way.

   357,856                   357856
     7,596                   7596
       452                   452
    29,360                   29360
   -------                   ------

This arrangement is necessary because of the inherent properties
of numbers as expressed in figures, under what we call our decimal
system, which means simply the practice we have adopted of
expressing our numbers in multiples of ten. This arose from the
fact that we happen to be born with ten fingers, and our ancestors,
like our children, learned to count by means of those very useful
“markers.”

In the system of counting every place, or column, counting from the
right, has a value ten times greater than the one in the place or
column nearest on the right. Thus in the number 36,542 the first
figure on the right represents “ones,” the next ten times as much
or “tens,” the next ten times as much again or “hundreds,” and
so on. We really read this number backward when we name it, for
in handling it in any way we have to start with the last figure,
representing the “ones.” The number really means two ones, four
tens, five hundreds, six thousands and three ten thousands. It is
built up this way, really by addition:

       2
      40
     500
    6000
   30000
  ------
  36,542

Now, this principle underlies the processes called “carrying” and
“borrowing.” You wish to add 26 and 37. Adding the 6 ones to the 7
you get 13 ones, or 3 ones and 1 ten. So you “carry” that 1 ten to
the column where it belongs, leaving the 3 ones in =their= proper
column. Thus, in your tens column you have 2 tens plus 3 tens plus
the 1 ten “carried,” which makes 6 tens; and your result is 63, or
6 tens and 3 ones.

Again, you want to subtract 19 from 38. As you cannot take 9 from
8, you “borrow” one of the 3 tens, making your 8 into 18 and
subtract 9 from that, leaving 9. By so doing you have left but 2
tens in your tens column, and so there your subtraction is now from
2, leaving 1. Hence your result is 9 ones and 1 ten, or 19.

Here is an example in subtraction which was once used, and which is
as likely to trip one up as any that could be set. Subtract 199,999
from 320,012. The result is as follows:

  320,012
  199,999
  -------
  120,013

Now, you cannot take 9 from 2, so you “borrow” one from the left
and make your two 12. Then 9 from 12 leaves 3. In borrowing from
the left you reduce the 1 in the tens column to 0. As you cannot
take 9 from 0, you must again borrow from the left. But what are
you to borrow from? In the third, or hundreds column there is only
a 0. Hence, before you can borrow from this column you must make
this 0 a 10 by borrowing from the fourth, or thousands column
(counting your columns always from the right).

But again here you find only a 0, and so before you can make even
this “borrow” you must borrow one from the 2 in the ten thousands
column. Now see what happens. With the one which you have finally
borrowed you have made the 0 left in the second or tens column into
a 10, and you take 9 from 10, which leaves 1.

Now, here is where you forget something. When you started out to
“borrow” you had to go away over to the 2 in the fifth column; that
made your 0 in the fourth column a 10, but you immediately passed
this one on to the third column, which left only 9; again you
passed it on from the third to the second column, which left only a
9 in the third column. Hence you have now a 9 in the third and in
the fourth columns, and your results there will be in each case 9
from 9 leaves 0.

Coming to the fifth you have a 1 instead of a 2, having borrowed 1;
and you have to borrow again from the 3 to make your 1 into an 11,
obtaining 9 from 11 leaves 2; and your sixth and last figure, being
reduced from 3 to 2, your last result is 1 from 2 leaves 1.

This last part is easy, but one out of practice is almost certain
to forget that his 0’s in the third and fourth columns became
9’s. If you have any difficulty with subtraction, study out the
processes in this example until you understand them and you will
never make a mistake again.

Now, as to the shape in which the examples will be given: The plain
problems in addition will be unmistakable. You will be told that a
concern sold 27,356 barrels of flour in one month, 38,452 the next,
etc., and you cannot well run off the track. But you may find both
processes involved in one “problem,” and you must then be careful
to understand just what is meant by the question, so that you will
know what you are expected to do with the figures.

Take this, for example: “A had $3,465 and B $4,895. A gained $1,146
and B lost $602. Which then had the more, and how much?”

Here you must add A’s gain to his principal--that is, the sum he
had to start with--and subtract B’s loss from his principal; then
subtract the smaller result from the larger, stating which is the
“winner.” Thus:

  $3,465    $4,895    $4,611
   1,146       602     4,293
  ------    ------    ------
  $4,611    $4,293      $318

Answer.--A has $318 more.

When it comes to multiplication and division, there is just one
“catch,” so it might appear to the untrained mind of some poor
candidate, which is made to play a part in nearly every problem.
It is safe to say that 90 per cent. of the failures on these two
processes turn on this one point. It is a very simple one and
really the same in both processes. It arises in the handling of the
“naught” or “cipher,” as we used to call it, the “zero”--call it
what you like, it is nothing, anyhow. And that’s the point to be
remembered.

Here is an example: Multiply 3,125 by 208. Now it seems almost
incredible, but I have seen literally hundreds of papers, it seems
to me, where this very simple problem was worked out this way:

  The Wrong Way.

   3,125
     208
  ------
   25000
   3125
  6250
  ------
  681250

Or else this:

  Another Wrong Way.

   3125
    208
  -----
  25000
  6250
  -----
  87500

The trouble is that when the poor fellow came to multiply by the
“naught” he forgot in the first instance that it was nothing, and
that the biggest number in the world multiplied by nothing will
produce nothing. He knew that something ought to go down there, and
so in sheer desperation he wrote down the number he was multiplying.

In the second instance, while he recognized that nothing is
nothing, he forgot that all our figuring is done by columns, as we
saw in our last lesson; so that when we are multiplying by tens we
must put our first figure down in the hundreds column, and so on.
By forgetting this he multiplied his number by two hundreds, but
put his first figure down in the tens columns, and thus he really
multiplied by only 28 instead of 208.

Now, the very simplest way to avoid this sort of mistake is to “go
through the motions” of multiplying by the “naught” or “zero.” Thus:

  The Right Way.        3,125
                          208
                       ------
                        25000
                        0000
                       6250
                      -------
                      650,000

This looks a little clumsy, perhaps, but it is the logical way--to
go through the process of saying naught times 5 is naught, naught
times 2 is naught, etc., putting down the results in the proper
columns. It is the safest way, if you are the least bit weak on the
principles of numbers, to do even the process of multiplying by
whole hundreds. Thus:

    3,125
      200
   ------
     0000
    0000
   6250
  -------
  625,000

By writing his example in the “short cut” style I have seen many a
man make this mistake:

  Wrong.    3,125
                200
            -----
            62500

That is, after setting down his two surplus ciphers, when he
obtained another in multiplying 5 by 2, he forgot that it was a
new one and went right on to the next process. If you are in that
position that you must really learn your arithmetic all over again,
stick to the logical method of showing every process and learn the
“short cuts” afterward.

Now, when the reverse situation arises in division, a similar error
is of frequent occurrence. Suppose we are to divide 650,000 by
3,125. This sometimes results:

  The Wrong Way.    3,125)650,000(28

                          625 0
                          -----
                           25,000
                           25,000

That is, the figurer, when he came to try to divide 2,500 by 3,125,
realizing that it would not “go,” simply “brought down” another
figure. He forgot that the real mental process was 3,125 goes
into 2,500 no times, or produces “naught,” and that “naught,” or
“cipher,” must be set down in the proper tens column. The only safe
way, again, is to indicate every process; to “bring down” but one
figure at a time and to set down every result, even the “nothings,”
in its proper place. That will make our example look like this:

  The Right Way.    3,125)650,000(208
                          625 0
                           25 00
                           00 00
                           ------
                           25 000
                           25 000

Very simple, but let me “whisper,” if you really master and
understand the mysteries of “long division,” you have crossed the
Rubicon of education. There is no door in all human learning that
need remain forever sealed to a persistent mind that has truly
found its way clearly and understandingly through this first great
stumbling block. Ask any old-fashioned school teacher to dispute
that proposition. And, “whisper” again, there are men counting
coupons who can do long division, to be sure, but who could not
tell you why it is done as it is, if the price of stocks depended
on it.


Punctuation.

Punctuation is a system of marks the purpose of which is to
indicate to the eye the relation of words to one another in
meaning, and so the relative importance of the component parts of
a written composition.

The marks of Punctuation, corresponding, for the most part, to
pauses in spoken language, are the comma (,), the period (.), the
note of interrogation (?), the note of exclamation (!), the colon
(:), the semi-colon (;), the dash (--), parentheses ( ), brackets
[ ], quotation marks (“ ”), and the hyphen (-).

=Purpose of Punctuation.=--To make a written composition clear and
intelligent, and to facilitate the task of reading.

=Avoid All Unnecessary Remarks.=--In modern writings punctuation
marks are less frequently used than they were among writers in the
early part of the last century. A sentence consisting of a simple
subject, a simple predicate, and a simple object, or the relation
of whose parts is clearly intelligible without marks, should not
be encumbered with any. Take, for instance, the following two
sentences:

“The attack was prepared with impenetrable secrecy.”

“On the very morning of the massacre they were in the houses and at
the tables of those whose deaths they were plotting.”

=Comma.=--Three or more words of the same part of speech not
connected by conjunctions should be separated from one another by
commas.

“He was strong, alert, active.”

“New York City is grand, immense, beautiful.”

Two words contrasted with one another are separated by a comma.

“He is slow, but sure.”

Words in a series of pairs should be separated by a comma. “Young
and old, strong and weak, fair and dark, good and bad.”

Explanatory and parenthetical words or phrases (such as
“therefore,” “moreover,” “indeed,” “however,” “in fact,” “to some
extent,” etc.), inserted into the body of a sentence are usually
marked off by commas.

A comma is inserted after the name of a person or thing addressed.

“John, you were mistaken.”

“My country, I am proud of thee.”

=Period.=--The period (.) is put at the end of every complete
sentence that is not exclamatory or interrogative. It is also used
as a part of every abbreviation, and after every initial letter
standing in place of the full word in a name. “A. M.” (for Master
of Arts), “Mr.” (for Mister), “Esq.” (for Esquire), “R. W. Emerson”
(for Ralph Waldo Emerson), “Dr.” (for doctor).

=Note of Interrogation.=--The note of interrogation (?) should
follow every direct question: “Are you coming?” “Shall I buy it?”
An interrogation point does not, however, follow an indirect
question, such as “Let me know what he says.”

=Note of Exclamation.=--The note of exclamation (!) follows an
exclamation, or any series of words denoting an outburst of
feeling. “Alas!” “Three cheers!” “Hurrah!”

=Colon.=--The colon (:) is used to divide from one another the
several co-ordinate members of a compound sentence, when they might
each of them form an independent sentence, but are ranged side by
side in a compound sentence for the sake of better showing how they
illustrate one another.

“New York is a wonderful city: The wealthiest in America.”

A quotation or enumeration of details is often preceded by a colon.

“He spoke as follows:” “His last words were:” “Among those present
were:”

=Semi-Colon.=--The semi-colon (;) separates co-ordinate sentences
more dependent on one another than are those parted by the colon.

“Where it is prescribed that an act is to be done; or that the
adverse party has a specified time to do an act; if service
required is doubly the time allowed; except that,” etc.

In sentences containing two sets of subjects and predicates where
either clause is very long or contains a subordinate clause, it is
well to use a semi-colon.

=Parentheses.=--Parentheses () are used to enclose words or phrases
in a sentence, inserted by way of explanation or comment, but lying
outside of the construction of the sentence:

“You see (as I predicted would be the case) I have had a long
journey for nothing.”

=Dash.=--The dash (--) denotes, in most cases, a sudden digression
from the general run of the sentence: “I want to tell you--but
first let us go into the house.”

Sometimes the dash takes the place of the parentheses, when the
clause, though digressive, bears some relation to the context.

=Brackets.=--Brackets [] are used to isolate interpolated words
from the passage in which they are used:

“The examiner said that if they [the candidates] were discovered
talking with each other he [the examiner] would have them [the
candidates] expelled from the room.”

=Hyphen.=--A hyphen (-) is used, first to connect the part of a
word at the end of a line with the remaining letters or syllables
of the word beginning the next line; second, to conjoin two or more
words into a compound word; as, “a never-to-be-forgotten day;”
“long-winded,” etc.

The part of a word to which the hyphen is attached should be an
integral part; that is, an entire syllable, and not merely certain
letters composing only a part of a syllable.

=Quotation Marks.=--Quotation marks (“”) are used to distinguish
a word, phrase, clause, sentence, or passage taken word for word,
from any source outside that of the writing into which it is
inserted.

A quotation within a quotation is marked off only by a single
inverted comma before and after it. But a quotation within the
second quotation requires double marks.

A passage quoted, not word for word, but only in substance, is
often distinguished by but one quotation mark before and after it.

=Capital Letters.=--In examinations containing papers the rating of
which is determined in part by correctness in the use of capital
letters the average candidate is usually at a disadvantage. The
following rules, if committed to memory, will enable the candidate
to avoid errors which, if made, might cause him to fail in the
examination.

The first word of every sentence should begin with a capital letter.

The days of the week, the months of the year, and holidays.

The names of places and countries; as, England, Yonkers, Belmont
Park, etc.

The names of States, Mountains, Rivers and Lakes.

All words used to signify the Deity; as, He, Him, His, Thou, Thee,
Thine, etc.

The names of persons, the titles of persons, and the titles of
books; as, John Brown, Lord Salisbury, Senator Mitchell, “The
Marble Faun.”

The first word in every line of poetry.

The pronoun I, and the exclamation O, or Oh.

The first word of a direct quotation should also begin with a
capital; as, “To thine own self be true.”




CHAPTER X.

HOW COMPETITORS ARE JUDGED.

Methods by Which the Examiners Keep Candidates’ Identity Secret.


After the examination, which is conducted with the most scrupulous
care to guard against favoritism or fraud, the local examiners
arrange the papers by sheets or subjects and all are forwarded
under seal to the United States Commission. When they are reached
in the order of rating, they are distributed by sheets to the
examiners, Examiner A being given all of sheets 1, Examiner B all
of sheets 2, Examiner C all of sheets 3, and so on, the sheets
being distributed to as many examiners as there are subjects in the
particular examination to be rated. After the papers are rated in
the first instance they are redistributed, and the first rating is
reviewed by other examiners.

When all of the papers of an examination have been rated and
reviewed, those of each competitor are then, for the first
time, assembled or brought together, his average percentage
is ascertained, his declaration envelope is opened, and the
declaration sheet to which he has signed his name is attached to
his examination papers. The identity of the competitor, therefore,
is not disclosed until his papers have been rated and reviewed and
his average percentage determined. As the charges for specific
errors are all fixed by the rules for rating, and as each subject
is rated by two examiners acting separately and then reviewed by
both jointly, it will be seen that absolute impartiality, accuracy
and uniformity are secured in the work.

Appeals from the ratings are sometimes made by competitors, but the
prospect of securing a higher rating is very remote. Errors on the
part of examiners in making charges are seldom found, as the work
of each examiner is verified and checked in every particular by
another.




CHAPTER XI.

THE ELIGIBLE REGISTER.

How Names Are Placed on Eligible List and Mode of Certification to
Postmasters.


Usually it takes from three to six months to rate all papers after
an examination. Candidates that make 70 per cent. or over are then
notified of their relative standing. The period of eligibility for
original appointments is one year from the date of entering the
name on the register.

When a name has been placed upon a register it is not disturbed
until a postmaster calls for a list of eligibles. Then the proper
number of names are certified to him and he chooses those he needs.
The names of all others are returned to the eligible register to
await further certifications.

In making appointments the postmaster has the privilege of
selecting one out of three down the list: If he had but one vacancy
he could select the third name, but could not take the fourth; he
also is permitted to appoint in regular order straight down the
list, if he so choose.

The probationary period for letter carriers and clerks begins
upon their promotion to the regular force and not at the date
of original appointment as substitutes. The period of probation
is limited to six months and cannot be extended. At its close a
probationer must either be absolutely appointed or dismissed.




CHAPTER XII.

RULES FOR RATING.

Formula by Which Percentage Is Attained and Credited to the
Competitor.


All examination papers are rated according to the following rules:

Every correct answer, 100.

Every faulty answer according to its value on a scale of 100 and
deduct the sum of the error marks of each answer from 100.

The difference between the sum of the error marks of each answer
and 100 will be the mark of the answer.


Rules for Rating Spelling.

                                                     From 100
                                                     deduct--

  1. For each error in spelling when the exercise
  consists of 20 words                                      5

  2. For each error in capitalization                       1

  3. For each failure to use or for each
  wrong use of the hyphen and for each
  improper division of a word into a
  compound word when required to be
  written solid                                             2


Rules for Rating Arithmetic.

                                                     From 100
                                                     deduct--

  1. For each wrong process, producing incorrect
  result, in proportion to the
  number of steps involved and gravity
  of error                                          10 to 100

  2. For decimal error and for each evasion
  of a decimal or common fraction test                     25

  3. For each error in computation or in
  copying from the printed question or
  from work                                                10

  4. For minor errors, such as wrong indication
  of a correct process, incorrect
  or inconsistent punctuation, improper
  use of symbols of designation, improper
  or incorrect designation of a
  partial or final results, etc.                      5 to 10

  5. For failure to show work, as required
  in solution of problems                            25 to 75


Rules for Rating Letter Writing.

In rating the letter, its errors in form and address, in spelling,
capitalization, punctuation, syntax and style, and its adherence
to and treatment of the subject given, are considered, and its
value, in the judgment of the examiners, determined on a scale of
100.

In determining the mark for letter writing it is proper for the
examiner to be guided in a general way by the following scheme:
Excellent, 95 to 90; good, 90 to 80; fair, 80 to 70; ordinary, 70
to 60; poor, 60 to 50; very poor, 50 to 25; practically worthless,
25 to 0.


Rules for Rating Penmanship.

Penmanship is rated according to its value on a scale of 100.
In determining the rating, legibility, neatness and general
appearance, as well as correctness and uniformity in the formation
of words, letters and punctuation marks, are considered, and it is
proper for examiners to be guided in a general way by the following
scheme: Excellent, 90 to 85; very good, 85 to 80; good, 80 to 75;
ordinary, 75 to 70; poor, 70 to 65; very poor, 65 to 50; below the
grade of “very poor,” 50 to 10.


Rules for Rating Copying from Plain Copy.

                                                     From 100
                                                     deduct--

  1. For each word or figure omitted, repeated,
  substituted, or improperly inserted                       5

  2. For each error in spelling, for each
  transposition, for each abbreviation
  not in the copy, for each failure to
  capitalize according to copy, for each
  failure to punctuate according to
  copy, for each failure to indent margin
  as in copy, for each error in
  paragraphing, and for irregularity in
  left-hand margin                                          5

  3. For each misdivision of a word at the
  end of a line, for each omission or
  improper use of the hyphen in dividing
  a word at the end of a line, for
  each word altered, interlined, or canceled,
  for each blot or minor erasure,
  if not neat                                               1

  4. For any other deviation from copy
  not covered by the foregoing, charges
  are made in the discretion of the examiners.


Rules for Rating Reading Addresses.

The rating on this subject is for accuracy only. A charge is made
for each error or omission in noting the errors on the printed
sheet, when compared with the correct written addresses given. The
difference between the sum of the errors thus found and 100 is the
rating on this subject.




CHAPTER XIII.

DISTRICT REGULATIONS.

RULES GOVERNING EXAMINATIONS.

Competitors Required to State Clearly Whether They Desire
Eligibility for Clerk or Carrier.


There are in the United States, thirteen United States Civil
Service Districts, and in each, examinations for letter carrier
and clerk are held yearly. THE CHIEF has obtained from the
United States Civil Service Commission the regulations governing
the examinations in each district, the post offices for which
examinations may be taken, the rules relative to the registers
for clerk or carrier in each district, the approximate dates
when examinations are held and whether or not more than one
examination may be taken in the same Civil Service district.
Intending competitors should read carefully the section covering
their particular district, so as to know whether their names can
be placed on the carrier and clerk register, or only on one. There
is some difference in the regulations covering this part of the
requirements, but the rules for the examination proper, as given
in the preceding pages, are uniform all over the country.


FIRST DISTRICT.

Headquarters, Boston, Mass.

At the following named offices the names of male eligibles will
be entered on only one register, namely, the clerk or the carrier
register, and male applicants for those offices must indicate in
their applications whether they desire the position of clerk or
carrier:

Boston, Mass.; Brockton, Mass.; Concord, N. H.; Fall River, Mass.;
Gloucester, Mass.; Hartford, Conn.; Haverhill, Mass.; Holyoke,
Mass.; Lawrence, Mass.; Lowell, Mass.; Lynn, Mass.; New Bedford,
Mass.; Newton Center, Mass.; Pawtucket, R. I.; Portland, Me.;
Providence, R. I.; Quincy, Mass.; Salem, Mass.; Springfield, Mass.;
Taunton, Mass.; Waltham, Mass.; Worcester, Mass.

Note 1.--No change in the designation of the register will be
made after the date set for the close of receipt of applications.
The name of each male eligible for any post office not mentioned
above is entered on both the male clerk register and the carrier
register, and will be certified in its order to vacancies
occurring in either the position of male clerk or carrier,
without regard to any choice of position expressed by the
eligible in his application. Male eligibles will be entitled
to three certifications from the male clerk register and three
certifications from the carrier register. Failure of selection from
one register or declination of appointment when selected will not
affect the eligible’s standing on the other register. Appointment
from either register will remove the eligible’s name from both
registers.

Examinations for the following offices are held, as far as
practicable, on the first Wednesday or Saturday after the 15th of
November of each year:

Augusta, Me.; Bangor, Me.; Boston, Mass.; Brockton, Mass.;
Burlington, Vt.; Concord, N. H.; Fall River, Mass.; Fitchburg,
Mass.; Gloucester, Mass.; Hartford, Conn.; Haverhill, Mass.;
Holyoke, Mass.; Lawrence, Mass.; Lowell, Mass.; Lynn, Mass.;
Manchester, N. H.; New Britain, Conn.; New Bedford, Mass.; New
London, Conn.; Newport, R. I.; Newton Center, Mass.; Norwich,
Conn.; Pawtucket, R. I.; Pittsfield, Mass.; Portland, Me.;
Providence, R. I.; Quincy, Mass.; Salem, Mass.; Springfield, Mass.;
Taunton, Mass.; Waltham, Mass.; Waterville, Me.; Worcester, Mass.

Blank forms of application may be obtained at any time either from
the Secretary, Board of United States Civil Service Examiners, room
141, post office, Boston, Mass., or from the local secretary at
the office where employment is desired. Applications when executed
must be filed with the secretary of the board at Boston, Mass.,
prior to 4 p. m. on the third Monday in October. Applications
received after that time will be filed for the next subsequent
examination.

Examinations for the following offices are held only when eligibles
are needed, and application blanks will not be given out until the
examinations are announced:

Adams, Mass.; Amesbury, Mass.; Amherst, Mass.; Andover, Mass.;
Athol, Mass.; Attleboro, Mass.; Auburn, Me.; Bar Harbor, Me.;
Barre, Vt.; Bath, Me.; Belfast, Me.; Bellows Falls, Vt.;
Bennington, Vt.; Beverly, Mass.; Biddeford, Me.; Brattleboro,
Vt.; Bristol, Conn.; Bristol, R. I.; Brunswick, Me.; Camden, Me.;
Central Falls, R. I.; Chicopee, Mass.; Chicopee Falls, Mass.;
Claremont, N. H.; Clinton, Mass.; Concord Junction, Mass.; Danvers,
Mass.; Ware, Mass.; Watertown, Mass.; Webster, Mass.; Wellesley,
Mass.; Westbrook, Me.; Dedham, Mass.; Dover, N. H.; Easthampton,
Mass.; East Providence, R. I.; Exeter, N. H.; Franklin, Mass.;
Franklin Falls, N. H.; Gardner, Mass.; Gardiner, Me.; Great
Barrington, Mass.; Greenfield, Mass.; Houlton, Me.; Hudson, Mass.;
Hyde Park, Mass.; Keene, N. H.; Laconia, N. H.; Leominster, Mass.;
Lewiston, Me.; Marblehead, Mass.; Marlboro, Mass.; Medford, Mass.;
Melrose, Mass.; Middleboro, Mass.; Middletown, Conn.; Milford,
Mass.; Montepelier, Vt.; Nashua, N. H.; Westboro, Mass.; Westerly,
R. I.; Westfield, Mass.; West Medford, Mass.; Williamantic,
Conn.; Natick, Mass.; North Adams, Mass.; North Attleboro, Mass.;
Northampton, Mass.; Norwood, Mass.; Orange, Mass.; Peabody, Mass.;
Plymouth, Mass.; Portsmouth, N. H.; Putnam, Conn.; Reading, Mass.;
Rochester, N. H.; Rockland, Me.; Rockville, Conn.; Rumford Falls,
Me.; Rutland, Vt.; Skowhegan, Me.; Somersworth, N. H.; Southbridge,
Mass.; South Framingham, Mass.; South Weymouth, Mass.; St. Albans,
Vt.; St. Johnsbury, Vt.; Stoneham, Mass.; Torrington, Conn.;
Wakefield, Mass.; Winchester, Mass.; Winsted, Conn.; Woburn, Mass.;
Woonsocket, R. I.

Note 2.--Any person may at the same time be an applicant for, or
eligible from examination for more than one post office. Whenever
a person whose name is upon more than one register is appointed
from one of such registers, his eligibility on all registers
shall expire by reason of such appointment. He may, however, upon
his written request, at any time within the period for which
eligibility would continue if not canceled by appointment, have
his eligibility revived on one or more of such registers for the
balance of such period of eligibility.


SECOND DISTRICT.

Headquarters, New York City.

No person may at the same time be an applicant for, or eligible
from examination for more than one post office in this district,
except when special examinations are ordered to secure sufficient
eligibles.

At the following offices the names of male eligibles will be
entered on only one register, namely, the clerk or the carrier
register, and male applicants must indicate in their applications
whether they desire the position of clerk or carrier. No change in
the designation of the register will be made after the date of the
examination:

Albany, N. Y.; Binghamton, N. Y.; Bridgeport, Conn.; Brooklyn, N.
Y.; Buffalo, N. Y.; East Orange, N. J.; Elizabeth, N. J.; Elmira,
N. Y.; Flushing, N. Y.; Hoboken, N. J.; Jamaica, N. Y.; Jersey
City, N. J.; Long Island City, N. Y.; Newark, N. J.; New Haven,
Conn.; New York, N. Y.; Orange, N. J.; Paterson, N. J.; Rochester,
N. Y.; Schenectady, N. Y.; Syracuse, N. Y.; Troy, N. Y.; Utica, N.
Y.; Waterbury, Conn.; Yonkers, N. Y.

See Note 1, First District.

Examinations for the following offices are held in November or
December:

Albany, N. Y.; Auburn, N. Y.; Binghamton, N. Y.; Bridgeport, Conn.;
Brooklyn, N. Y.; Danbury, Conn.; East Orange, N. J.; Elizabeth, N.
J.; Elmira, N. Y.; Hoboken, N. J.; Ithaca, N. Y.; Jamestown, N. Y.;
Jersey City, N. J.; Kingston, N. Y.; Locksport, N. Y.; Long Island
City, N. Y.; Meriden, Conn.; Montclair, N. J.; Morristown, N. J.;
Mount Vernon, N. Y.; Newark, N. J.; Newburgh, N. Y.; New Haven,
Conn.; New Rochelle, N. Y.; Niagara Falls, N. Y.; Orange, N. J.;
Passaic, N. J.; Paterson, N. J.; Plainfield, N. J.; Poughkeepsie,
N. Y.; Rochester, N. Y.; Schenectady, N. Y.; Saratoga Springs, N.
Y.; Stamford, Conn.; Stapleton, N. Y.; Syracuse, N. Y.; Troy, N.
Y.; Utica, N. Y.; Waterbury, N. Y.; Watertown, N. Y.; Yonkers, N.
Y.

Blank forms of application may be obtained from the local secretary
at the office where employment is desired, or from the Secretary of
the Board of Civil Service Examiners, Custom House, New York City,
and should be properly executed and filed with the secretary of the
board at the Custom House in New York City between the 1st of July
and the third Monday in October. Applications presented at other
times will be returned to the applicants.

Examinations for the following offices are held only when eligibles
are needed, and application blanks will not be given out until the
examinations are announced:

Albion, N. Y.; Ansonia, Conn.; Arlington, N. J.; Batavia, N. Y.;
Balston Spa, N. Y.; Bath, N. Y.; Bayonne, N. J.; Bloomfield, N.
J.; Brockport, N. Y.; Canandaigua, N. Y.; Canajoharie, N. Y.;
Canastota, N. Y.; Carthage, N. Y.; Catskill, N. Y.; Cohoes, N. Y.;
Corning, N. Y.; Cortland, N. Y.; Cooperstown, N. Y.; Cranford, N.
J.; Dansville, N. Y.; Derby, Conn.; Dover, N. J.; Dunkirk, N. Y.;
East Aurora, N. Y.; Englewood, N. J.; Far Rockaway, N. Y.; Fort
Plain, N. Y.; Fredonia, N. Y.; Fulton, N. Y.; Glens Falls, N. Y.;
Gouverneur, N. Y.; Greenwich, Conn.; Hempstead, N. Y.; Herkimer,
N. Y.; Hoosick Falls, N. Y.; Hornellsville, N. Y.; Hudson, N. Y.;
Ilion, N. Y.; Irvington, N. Y.; Johnstown, N. Y.; Leroy, N. Y.;
Little Falls, N. Y.; Lyons, N. Y.; Lestershire, N. Y.; Liberty, N.
Y.; Lockport, N. Y.; Madison, N. J.; Malone, N. Y.; Mamaroneck,
N. Y.; Medina, N. Y.; Middletown, N. Y.; Mechanicsville, N. Y.;
Naugatuck, Conn.; Newark, N. Y.; New Brighton, N. Y.; Newton, N.
J.; No. Tonawanda, N. Y.; Norwalk, Conn.; Norwich, N. Y.; Nyack,
N. Y.; Ogdensburg, N. Y.; Olean, N. Y.; Oneida, N. Y.; Oneonta,
N. Y.; Ossining, N. Y.; Owego, N. Y.; Palmyra, N. Y.; Patchogue,
N. Y.; Peekskill, N. Y.; Penn Yan, N. Y.; Plattsburg, N. Y.; Port
Chester, N. Y.; Port Jervis, N. Y.; Port Richmond, N. Y.; Potsdam,
N. Y.; Rahway, N. J.; Rome, N. Y.; Rosebank, N. Y.; Rutherford, N.
J.; Salamanca, N. Y.; Sandyhill, N. Y.; Saugerties, N. Y.; Seneca
Falls, N. Y.; South Norwalk, Conn.; South Orange, N. J.; Summit,
N. J.; Tarrytown, N. Y.; Tompkinsville, N. Y.; Tonawanda, N. Y.;
Wallingford, Conn.; Waverly, N. Y.; Weehawken, N. J.; Wellsville,
N. Y.; Westfield, N. J.; West Hoboken, N. J.; West New Brighton, N.
Y.; White Plains, N. Y.


THIRD DISTRICT.

Headquarters, Philadelphia, Pa.

For the following offices the names of male eligibles will be
entered on only one register, namely, the clerk or the carrier
register, and male applicants for those offices must indicate in
their applications whether they desire the position of clerk or
carrier.

Allegheny, Pa.; Altoona, Pa.; Atlantic City, N. J.; Camden, N.
J.; Chester, Pa.; Erie, Pa.; Harrisburg, Pa.; Lancaster, Pa.;
Philadelphia, Pa.; Pittsburg, Pa.; Reading, Pa.; Scranton, Pa.;
Trenton, Pa.; Trenton, N. J.; Wilkes-Barre, Pa..; Wilmington, Del.;
York, Pa.

See Note 1, First District.

Examinations for the following offices are held, as far as
practicable, on the first Wednesday or Saturday after the 15th of
November of each year:

Allegheny, Pa.; Allentown, Pa.; Altoona, Pa.; Atlantic City, N. J.;
Camden, N. J.; Chester, Pa.; Easton, Pa.; Erie, Pa.; Harrisburg,
Pa.; Johnstown, Pa.; Lancaster, Pa.; New Brunswick, N. J.;
Philadelphia, Pa.; Pittsburg, Pa.; Reading, Pa.; Scranton, Pa.;
Trenton, N. J.; Williamsport, Pa.; Wilmington, Del.; York, Pa.

Blank forms of application may be obtained at any time either from
the Secretary, Third United States Civil Service District, room
2, fourth floor, Post Office Building, Philadelphia, Pa., or from
the local secretary at the office where appointment is desired.
The application when executed must be filed with the district
secretary at Philadelphia, prior to 4.30 p. m., on the third Monday
in October. Applications received after that time are filed for the
next subsequent examination.

Examinations for the following offices are held only when eligibles
are needed, and application blanks will not be given out until the
examinations are announced:

Dover, Del.; Asbury Park, N. J.; Bridgeton, N. J.; Burlington,
N. J.; Cape May, N. J.; Collingswood, N. J.; Freehold, N. J.;
Gloucester City, N. J.; Haddonfield, N. J.; Lakewood, N. J.; Long
Branch, N. J.; Merchantville, N. J.; Millville, N. J.; Moorestown,
N. J.; Ocean City, N. J.; Ocean Grove, N. J.; Perth Amboy, N. J.;
Phillipsburg, N. J.; Princeton, N. J.; Red Bank, N. J.; Salem,
N. J.; Somerville, N. J.; Vineland, N. J.; Washington, N. J.;
Woodbury, N. J.; Ambler, Pa.; Beaver Falls, Pa.; Bellefonte,
Pa.; Berwick, Pa.; Bethlehem, Pa.; Bloomsburg, Pa.; Braddock,
Pa.; Bradford, Pa.; Bristol, Pa.; Butler, Pa.; Canonsburg, Pa.;
Carbondale, Pa.; Carlisle, Pa.; Carnegie, Pa.; Chambersburg, Pa.;
Charleroi, Pa.; Clearfield, Pa.; Coattsville, Pa.; Columbia, Pa.;
Connelsville, Pa.; Conshohocken, Pa.; Corry, Pa.; Danville, Pa.;
Dubois, Pa.; Franklin, Pa.; Gettysburg, Pa.; Greensburg, Pa.;
Greenville, Pa.; Hanover, Pa.; Hazleton, Pa.; Homestead, Pa.;
Honesdale, Pa.; Huntington, Pa.; Indiana, Pa.; Jeanette, Pa.; Kane,
Pa.; Kittanning, Pa.; Lansdowne, Pa.; Latrobe, Pa.; Lebanon, Pa.;
Lewisburg, Pa.; Lewiston, Pa.; Lockhaven, Pa.; McKeesport, Pa.;
McKees Rocks, Pa.; Mahanoy City, Pa.; Meadville, Pa.; Media, Pa.;
Milton, Pa.; Monessen, Pa.; Monongahela, Pa.; Mt. Carmel, Pa.;
Nanticoke, Pa.; New Brighton, Pa.; Newcastle, Pa.; Norristown, Pa.;
Oil City, Pa.; Phillipsburg, Pa.; Phoenixville, Pa.; Pittston, Pa.;
Plymouth, Pa.; Pottstown, Pa.; Pottsville, Pa.; Punxsutawney, Pa.;
Ridgway, Pa.; Rochester, Pa.; Sayre, Pa.; Scotdale, Pa.; Sewickley,
Pa.; Shamokin, Pa.; Sharon, Pa.; Sharpsburg, Pa.; Shenandoah, Pa.;
South Bethlehem, Pa.; Steelton, Pa.; Sunbury, Pa.; Tarentum,
Pa.; Titusville, Pa.; Towanda, Pa.; Tyrone, Pa.; Union City, Pa.;
Uniontown, Pa.; Vandergrift, Pa.; Warren, Pa.; Washington, Pa.;
Wayne, Pa.; Waynesboro, Pa.; Waynesburg, Pa.; Westchester, Pa.

See Note 2, First District.


FOURTH DISTRICT.

Headquarters, Washington, D. C.

At the following offices the names of male eligibles are entered on
only one register, namely, the clerk or the carrier register, and
male applicants must indicate in their applications whether they
desire the position of clerk or carrier:

Baltimore, Md.; Norfolk, Va.; Richmond, Va.; Washington, D. C.;
Wheeling, Va.

See Note 1, First District.

Examinations for the following offices are held, as far as
practicable, on the first Wednesday or Saturday after the 15th of
November of each year:

Asheville, N. C.; Baltimore, Md.; Charleston, W. Va.; Parkersburg,
W. Va.; Raleigh, N. C.; Charlotte, N. C.; Cumberland, Md.;
Greensboro, N. C.; Lynchburg, Va.; Norfolk, Va.; Roanoke,
Va.; Washington, D. C.; Wheeling, W. Va.; Wilmington, N. C.;
Winston-Salem, N. C.

Blank forms of application may be obtained at any time either from
the Secretary of the Fourth District Examining-Board, Civil Service
Commission, Washington, D. C., or from the auxiliary secretary at
the office where appointment is desired. Applications when executed
must be filed with the secretary of the board at Washington, D. C,
prior to 4.30 p. m. on the third Monday in October. Applications
received after that time will be filed for the next examination.

Examinations for the following offices are held only when eligibles
are needed, and application blanks will not be given out until the
examinations are announced:

Alexandria, Va.; Annapolis, Md.; Bedford City, Va.; Bluefield,
W. Va.; Charlottesville, Va.; Clarksburg, W. Va.; Danville,
Va.; Durham, N. C.; Elizabeth City, N. C.; Fairmont, W. Va.;
Fayetteville, N. C.; Frederick, Md.; Fredericksburg, Va.;
Goldsboro, N. C.; Grafton, W. Va.; Hagerstown, Md.; Hampton, Va.;
Harrisonburg, Va.; Highpont, N. C.; Huntington, W. Va.; Manchester,
Va.; Martinsburg, W. Va.; Morgantown, W. Va.; Moundsville, W. Va.;
Newbern, N. C.; Newport News, Va.; Petersburg, Va.; Portsmouth,
Pa.; Salisbury, Md.; Salisbury, N. C.; Sistersville, W. Va.;
Statesville, N. C.; Staunton, Va.; Westminster, Md.; Winchester,
Va.

See Note 2, First District.


FIFTH DISTRICT.

Headquarters, Atlanta, Ga.

Examinations can be taken only in the cities where employment is
desired. At the following offices the names of male eligibles will
be entered on only one register, namely, the clerk or the carrier
register, and male applicants for those offices must indicate in
their applications whether they desire the position of clerk or
carrier:

Atlanta, Ga.; Augusta, Ga.; Birmingham, Ala.; Charleston, S. C.;
Chattanooga, Tenn.; Knoxville, Tenn.; Memphis, Tenn.; Mobile, Ala.;
Nashville, Tenn.; Savannah, Ga.

See Note 1, First District.

Examinations for the following offices are held, as far as
practicable, on the first Wednesday or Saturday after the 15th of
November of each year:

Atlanta, Ga.; Augusta, Ga.; Birmingham, Ala.; Charleston, S. C.;
Chattanooga, Tenn.; Columbia, S. C.; Columbus, Ga.; Jackson, Miss.;
Jacksonville, Fla.; Knoxville, Tenn.; Macon, Ga.; Memphis, Tenn.;
Mobile, Ala.; Montgomery, Ala.; Nashville, Tenn.; Savannah, Ga.;
Tampa, Fla.; Vicksburg, Miss.

Applications may be obtained at any time either from the District
Secretary at Atlanta, Ga., or from the local secretary at the
office where appointment is desired. The application when executed
must be filed with the District Secretary at Atlanta, Ga., prior
to 4 o’clock p. m., on the third Monday in October. Applications
received after that time will be filed for the next subsequent
examination.

Examinations for the following offices are held only when eligibles
are needed, and application blanks will not be given out until the
examinations are announced:

Albany, Ga.; Americus, Ga.; Anderson, S. C.; Anniston, Ala.;
Athens, Ga.; Bessemer, Ala.; Bristol, Tenn.; Brunswick, Ga.;
Clarksville, Tenn.; Columbia, Tenn.; Columbus, Miss.; Cordele, Ga.;
Florence, Ala.; Gadeden, Ala.; Gainesville, Fla.; Greensville,
Miss.; Greenville, S. C.; Greenville, Tenn.; Harriman, Tenn.;
Hattiesburg, Miss.; Huntsville, Ala.; Jackson, Tenn.; Johnson City,
Tenn.; Key West, Fla.; Meridian, Miss.; Miami, Fla.; Natchez,
Miss.; Ocala, Fla.; Pensacola, Fla.; Rock Hill, S. C.; Rome, Ga.;
St. Augustine, Fla.; Selma, Ala.; Spartanburg, S. C.; Sumter, S.
C.; Thomasville, Ga.; Tuscaloosa, Ala.; Valdosta, Ga.; Waycross,
Ga.; Yazoo City, Miss.

See Note 2, First District.


SIXTH DISTRICT.

Headquarters, Cincinnati, O.

At the following offices the names of male eligibles will be
entered on only one register, namely, the clerk or the carrier
register, and male applicants for those offices must indicate in
their applications whether they desire the position of clerk or
carrier:

Akron, O.; Canton, O.; Cincinnati, O.; Cleveland, O.; Columbus, O.;
Covington, Ky.; Dayton, O.; Evansville, Ind.; Fort Wayne, Ind.,
Indianapolis, Ind.; Louisville, Ky.; Newport, Ky.; South Bend,
Ind.; Springfield, O.; Terre Haute, Ind.; Toledo, O.; Youngstown,
O.

See Note 1, First District.

Examinations for the following offices are held, as far as
practicable, on the first Wednesday or Saturday after the 15th of
November of each year:

Akron, O.; Anderson, Ind.; Ashland, O.; Canton, O.; Cincinnati,
O.; Cleveland, O.; Columbus, O.; Covington, Ky.; Dayton, O.; East
Liverpool, O.; Elkhart, Ind.; Evansville, Ind.; Fort Wayne, Ind.;
Hamilton, O.; Indianapolis, Ind.; Lafayette, Ind.; Lexington, Ky.;
Lima, O.; Louisville, Ky.; Mansfield, O.; Marion, Ind.; Muncie,
Ind.; Newport, Ky.; Paducah, Ky.; Richmond, Ind.; South Bend, Ind.;
Springfield, O.; Terre Haute, Ind.; Toledo, O.; Youngstown, O.;
Zanesville, O.

Blank forms of application may be obtained at any time either from
the Secretary, Sixth U. S. Civil Service District, room 418, fourth
floor, Post Office, Cincinnati, or from the local secretary at the
office where appointment is desired. The applications when executed
must be filed with the District Secretary at Cincinnati, prior to
4.30 p. m., on the third Monday in October. Applications received
after that time will be filed for the next examination.

Examinations for the following offices will be held only when
eligibles are needed, and application blanks will not be given out
until the examinations are announced:

Alexandria, Ind.; Alliance, O.; Ashland, Ky.; Ashtabula, O.;
Athens, O.; Attica, Ind.; Barberton, O.; Bedford, Ind.; Bellaire,
O.; Bellefontaine, O.; Bloomington, Ind.; Bluffton, Ind.; Bowling
Green, Ky.; Bowling Green, O.; Brazil, Ind.; Bucyrus, O.;
Cambridge, O.; Canal Dover, O.; Chillicothe, Ind.; Circleville, O.;
Coshocton, O.; Crawfordsville, Ind.; Columbia City, Ind.; Columbus,
Ind.; Connersville, Ind.; Conneaut, O.; Danville, Ky.; Decatur,
Ind.; Defiance, O.; Delaware, O.; Elwood, Ind.; Elyria, O.; Finley,
O.; Fostoria, O.; Frankfort, Ky.; Frankfort, Ind.; Franklin, Ind.;
Fremont, O.; Galion, O.; Gallipolis, O.; Goshen, Ind.; Greencastle,
Ind.; Greenfield, Ind.; Greenfield, O.; Greensburg, Ind.;
Greenville, O.; Hammond, Ind.; Hartford City, Ind.; Henderson,
Ky.; Hillsboro, O.; Hopkinsville, Ky.; Huntington, Ind.; Ironton,
O.; Jeffersonville, Ind.; Kendallville, Ind.; Kenton, O.; Kokoma,
Ind.; Lancaster, O.; Laporte, Ind.; Lebanon, Ind.; Lebanon, O.;
Logansport, Ind.; Lorain, O.; Madison, Ind.; Marietta, O.; Marion,
O.; Martinsville, Ind.; Massillon, O.; Maysville, Ky.; Michigan
City, Ind.; Middletown, O.; Mishawaka, Ind.; Mount Vernon, O.; New
Albany, Ind.; Newark, O.; Newcastle, Ind.; New Philadelphia, O.;
Niles, O.; Noblesville, Ind.; North Vernon, Ind.; Norwalk, O.;
Oberlin, O.; Owensboro, Ky.; Painesville, O.; Paris, Ky.; Peru,
Ind.; Piqua, O.; Portland, Ind.; Portsmouth, O.; Princeton, Ind.;
Ravenna, O.; Rushville, Ind.; St. Marys, O.; Salem, O.; Sandusky,
O.; Seymour, Ind.; Shelby, O.; Shelbyville, Ind.; Sidney, O.;
Steubenville, O.; Tiffin, O.; Troy, O.; Union City, Ind.; Urbana,
O.; Valparaiso, Ind.; Van Wert, O.; Vincennes, Ind.; Wabash, Ind.;
Warren, O.; Warsaw, Ind.; Washington Court House, O.; Washington,
Ind.; Winchester, Ind.; Wooster, O.; Xenia, O.

See Note 2, First District.


SEVENTH DISTRICT.

Headquarters, Chicago, Ill.

At the following offices the names of male eligibles will be
entered on only one register, namely, the clerk or the carrier
register, and male applicants for those offices must indicate in
their applications whether they desire the position of clerk or
carrier.

Battle Creek, Mich.; Chicago, Ill.; Detroit, Mich.; Evanston, Ill.;
Grand Rapids, Mich.; Jackson, Mich.; Milwaukee, Wis.; Peoria, Ill.;
Racine, Wis.; Rockford, Ill.; Superior, Wis.

See Note 1, First District.

Examinations for the following offices are held, as far as
practicable, on the first Wednesday or Saturday after the 15th of
November of each year:

Aurora, Ill.; Ann Arbor, Mich.; Battle Creek, Mich.; Bay City,
Mich.; Chicago, Ill.; Detroit, Mich.; Elgin, Ill.; Evanston, Ill.;
Freeport, Ill.; Galesburg, Ill.; Grand Rapids, Mich.; Green Bay,
Wis.; Jackson, Mich.; Joliet, Ill.; Kalamazoo, Mich.; La Crosse,
Wis.; Lansing, Mich.; Madison, Mich.; Marshall, Mich.; Milwaukee,
Wis.; Moline, Ill.; Muskegon, Mich.; Oak Park, Ill.; Oshkosh, Wis.;
Peoria, Ill.; Port Huron, Mich.; Racine, Wis.; Rockford, Ill.; Rock
Island, Ill.; Saginaw, Mich.; Superior, Wis.

Blank forms of application may be obtained at any time either from
the Secretary of the Seventh U. S. Civil Service District, room 41,
second floor, Post Office, Chicago, or from the local secretary
at the office where appointment is desired. The application when
executed must be filed with the District Secretary at Chicago prior
to 4.30 p. m. on the third Monday in October. Applications received
after that time will be filed for the next subsequent examination.

Examinations for the following offices will be held only when
eligibles are needed, and application blanks will not be given out
until the examinations are announced:

Adrian, Mich.; Albion, Mich.; Alpena, Mich.; Antigo, Wis.;
Appleton, Wis.; Ashland, Wis.; Baraboo, Wis.; Batavia, Ill.; Beaver
Dam, Wis.; Beloit, Wis.; Belvidere, Ill.; Benton Harbor, Mich.;
Big Rapids, Mich.; Blue Island, Ill.; Cadillac, Mich.; Calumet,
Mich.; Charlotte, Mich.; Chicago Heights, Ill.; Chippewa Falls,
Wis.; Coldwater, Mich.; DeKalb, Ill.; Divon, Ill.; Dowagiac, Mich.;
Dwight, Ill.; Eau Claire, Wis.; Escanaba, Mich.; Flint, Mich.;
Fond du Lac, Wis.; Fort Atkinson, Wis.; Galena, Ill.; Hancock,
Mich.; Harvey, Ill.; Hastings, Mich.; Hillsdale, Mich.; Holland,
Mich.; Ionia, Mich.; Iron Mountain, Mich.; Ironwood, Mich.;
Isthpeming, Mich.; Janesville, Wis.; Kankakee, Ill.; Kenosha, Wis.;
Kewanee, Ill.; LaGrange, Ill.; LaSalle, Ill.; Ludington, Mich.;
Manitowoc, Wis.; Manistee, Mich.; Marinette, Wis.; Marquette,
Mich.; Marshfield, Wis.; Maywood, Ill.; Menasha, Wis.; Mendota,
Ill.; Menominee, Mich.; Menomonie, Wis.; Merrill, Wis.; Monmouth,
Ill.; Morgan Park, Ill.; Monroe, Mich.; Mount Clemens, Mich.; Mount
Pleasant, Mich.; Neenah, Wis.; Niles, Mich.; Ottawa, Ill.; Owosso,
Mich.; Peru, Ill.; Petoskey, Mich.; Pontiac, Mich.; Portage, Wis.;
Princeton, Ill.; Rhinelander, Wis.; Saginaw-West Side, Mich.; St.
Charles, Ill.; St. Johns, Mich.; St. Joseph, Mich.; Sault Ste.
Marie, Mich.; Sheboygan, Wis.; South Haven, Mich.; Stevens Point,
Wis.; Sterling, Ill.; Streator, Ill.; Three Rivers, Mich.; Traverse
City, Mich.; Watertown, Wis.; Waukegan, Ill.; Waukesha, Wis.;
Wausau, Wis.; Wauwatosa, Wis.; West Bay City, Mich.; Wheaton, Ill.;
White Water, Wis.; Wyandotte, Mich.; Ypsilanti, Mich.; Zion City,
Ill.

See Note 2, First District.


EIGHTH DISTRICT.

Headquarters, St. Paul, Minn.

At the following offices the names of male eligibles are entered on
only one register, namely, the clerk or the carrier register, and
male applicants must indicate in their applications whether they
desire the position of clerk or carrier:

Davenport, Iowa; Des Moines, Iowa; Dubuque, Iowa; Duluth, Minn.;
Lincoln, Neb.; Minneapolis, Minn.; Omaha, Neb.; Sioux City, Iowa;
South Omaha, Neb.; St. Paul, Minn.

See Note 1, First District.

Examinations for the following offices are held, as far as
practicable, on the first Wednesday or Saturday after the 15th of
November of each year:

Burlington, Iowa; Cedar Bluffs, Iowa; Council Bluffs, Iowa;
Davenport, Iowa; Des Moines, Iowa; Duluth, Minn.; Minneapolis,
Minn.; Omaha, Neb.; Ottumwa, Iowa; Sioux City, Iowa; Sioux Falls,
S. Dak.; South Omaha, Neb.; Fargo, N. Dak.; Keokuk, Iowa; Lincoln,
Neb.; St. Paul, Minn.; Waterloo, Iowa; Winona, Minn.; York, Neb.

Blank forms of application may be obtained at any time either from
the secretary of the board, room 532, fifth floor, Post Office, St.
Paul, or from the local secretary at the office where appointment
is desired. The application when executed must be filed with the
secretary of the board, room 532, fifth floor, Post Office, St.
Paul, prior to 4 o’clock p. m., on the third Monday in October.
Applications received after that time will be filed for the next
examination.

Examinations for the following offices will be held only when
eligibles are needed, and application blanks will not be given out
until the examinations are announced:

Aberdeen, S. Dak.; Albert Lea, Minn.; Ames, Iowa; Atlantic, Iowa;
Austin, Minn.; Beatrice, Neb.; Bismarck, N. Dak.; Boone, Iowa;
Brainerd, Minn.; Carroll, Iowa; Cedar Falls, Iowa; Centerville,
Iowa; Charles City, Iowa; Cherokee, Iowa; Clarinda, Iowa; Clinton,
Iowa; Creston, Iowa; Crookston, Minn.; Deadwood, S. Dak.; Decorah,
Iowa; Estherville, Iowa; Fairbury, Neb.; Fairfield, Iowa;
Faribault, Minn.; Fort Dodge, Iowa; Fort Madison, Iowa; Fergus
Falls, Minn.; Fremont, Neb.; Grand Forks, N. Dak.; Grand Island,
Neb.; Grinnell, Iowa; Hastings, Neb.; Huron, S. Dak.; Independence,
Iowa; Iowa City, Iowa; Iowa Falls, Iowa; Jamestown, N. Dak.;
Kearney, Neb.; Lead, S. Dak.; Lemars, Iowa; Little Falls, Minn.;
Lyons, Iowa; Marion, Iowa; Marshalltown, Iowa; Mason City, Iowa;
Mitchell, S. Dak.; Mount Pleasant, Iowa; Muscatine, Iowa; Nebraska
City, Neb.; Newton, Iowa; Norfolk, Neb.; Northfield, Minn.;
Oelwein, Iowa; Osage, Iowa; Oskaloosa, Iowa; Owatonna, Minn.; Red
Oak, Iowa; Red Wing, Minn.; Rochester, Minn.; Shenandoah, Iowa; St.
Cloud, Minn.; Stillwater, Minn.; Washington, Iowa; Watertown, S.
Dak.; Webster City, Iowa; Lankton, S. Dak.

See Note 2, First District.


NINTH DISTRICT.

Headquarters, St. Louis, Mo.

At the following offices the names of male eligibles will be
entered on only one register, namely, the clerk or the carrier
register, and male applicants must indicate in their applications
whether they desire the position of clerk or carrier:

Kansas City, Mo.; Little Rock, Ark.; Quincy, Ill.; St. Joseph, Mo.;
St. Louis, Mo.; Springfield, Ill.; Topeka, Kans.

See Note 1, First District.

Examinations for the following offices are held, as far as
practicable, on the first Wednesday or Saturday after the 15th of
November of each year:

Atchison, Kans.; Bloomington, Ill.; Danville, Ill.; Decatur, Ill.;
East St. Louis, Ill.; Fort Smith, Ark.; Joplin, Mo.; Kansas City,
Kans.; Kansas City, Mo.; Little Rock, Ark.; Oklahoma, Okla.;
Quincy, Ill.; St. Joseph, Mo.; St. Louis, Mo.; Springfield, Ill.;
Springfield, Mo.; Topeka, Kans.; Wichita, Kans.

Blank forms of application may be obtained at any time either from
the Secretary, Ninth U. S. Civil Service District, Appraisers’
Stores Building, St. Louis, Mo., or from the local secretary at the
office where appointment is desired. Applications when executed
must be filed with the District Secretary at St. Louis, Mo., prior
to 4.30 p. m. on the third Monday in October. Applications received
after that time will be filed for the next examination.

Examinations for the following offices are held only when eligibles
are needed, and application blanks will not be given out until the
examinations are announced:

Abilene, Kans.; Alton, Ill.; Ardmore, Ind. T.; Arkansas City,
Kans.; Belleville, Ill.; Beloit, Ill.; Cairo, Ill.; Canton, Ill.;
Cape Girardeau, Mo.; Carrolton, Mo.; Carthage, Mo.; Centralia,
Ill.; Champaign, Ill.; Chanute, Kans.; Charleston, Ill.;
Chillicothe, Mo.; Clay Center, Kans.; Clinton, Ill.; Clinton,
Mo.; Coffeyville, Kans.; Columbia, Mo.; Concordia, Kans.; Elreno,
Okla.; Emporia, Kans.; Enid, Okla.; Fayetteville, Ark.; Fort Scott,
Kans.; Fulton, Mo.; Galena, Kans.; Girard, Kans.; Greenville,
Ill.; Guthrie, Okla.; Hannibal, Mo.; Helena, Ark.; Hiawatha,
Kans.; Hoopeston, Ill.; Hot Springs, Ark.; Hutchinson, Kans.;
Independence, Kans.; Independence, Mo.; Iola, Kans.; Jacksonville,
Ill.; Jefferson City, Mo.; Jonesboro, Ark.; Junction City, Kans.;
Kirksville, Mo.; Lawrence, Kans.; Lawton, Okla.; Leavenworth,
Kans.; Lincoln, Ill.; Litchfield, Ill.; Louisiana, Mo.; Macomb,
Ill.; Macon, Mo.; Marshall, Mo.; Maryville, Mo.; Manhattan, Kans.;
McPherson, Kans.; Matoon, Ill.; Muscogee, Ind. T.; Mount Vernon,
Ill.; Mexico, Mo.; Moberly, Mo.; Murphysboro, Ill.; Nevada, Mo.;
Newton, Kans.; Olathe, Kans.; Ottawa, Kans.; Pana, Ill.; Paris,
Ill.; Parsons, Kans.; Pekin, Ill.; Perry, Okla.; Pine Bluff, Ark.;
Pittsburg, Kans.; Poplar Bluff, Mo.; St. Charles, Mo.; Salina,
Kans.; Sedalia, Mo.; Shawnee, Okla.; South McAlester, Ind. T.;
Taylorville, Ill.; Texarkana, Ark.; Trenton, Mo.; Urbana, Ill.;
Warrensburg, Mo.; Webb City, Mo.; Wellington, Kans.; Winfield, Kans.

See Note 2, First District.


TENTH DISTRICT.

Headquarters, New Orleans, La.

Examinations for the following offices are held on the first
Wednesday or Saturday after the 15th of November of each year:

Austin, Tex.; Beaumont, Tex.; Dallas, Tex.; El Paso, Tex.; Fort
Worth, Tex.; Galveston, Tex.; Houston, Tex.; New Orleans, La.; San
Antonio, Tex.; Shreveport, La.; Waco, Tex.

Blank forms of application may be obtained at any time either
from the Secretary, Tenth Civil Service District, Custom House,
New Orleans, La., or from the local secretary at the office where
appointment is desired. Applications when executed must be filed
with the District Secretary at New Orleans, La., prior to 4.30 p.
m. on the third Monday in October. Applications received after that
time will be filed for the next subsequent examination.

At the following offices the names of male eligibles are entered
on only one register, namely, the clerk or the carrier register,
and male applicants for those offices must indicate in their
applications whether they desire the position of clerk or carrier:

Dallas, Tex.; Fort Worth, Tex.; Galveston, Tex.; Houston, Tex.; New
Orleans, La.; San Antonio, Tex.

See Note 1, First District.

Examinations for the following offices are held only when eligibles
are needed, and application blanks will not be given out until the
examinations are announced:

Abilene, Tex.; Alexandria, La.; Amarillo, Tex.; Baton Rouge, La.;
Bonham, Tex.; Cleburne, Tex.; Corsicana, Tex.; Crowley, La.;
Denison, Tex.; Gainesville, Tex.; Greenville, Tex.; Hillsboro,
Tex.; Lake Charles, La.; Laredo, Tex.; McKinney, Tex.; Marshall,
Tex.; Monroe, La.; New Iberia, La.; Palestine, Tex.; Paris,
Tex.; Sherman, Tex.; Temple, Tex.; Terrell, Tex.; Tyler, Tex.;
Waxahachie, Tex.; Weatherford, Tex.

See Note 2, First District.


ELEVENTH DISTRICT.

Headquarters, Denver, Col.

At the following offices the names of male eligibles will be
entered on only one register, namely, the clerk or the carrier
register, and male applicants for those offices must indicate in
their applications whether they desire the position of clerk or
carrier:

Colorado Springs, Col.; Denver, Col.; Pueblo, Col.; Salt Lake City,
Utah.

See Note 1, First District.

Examinations for the following offices are held, as far as
practicable, on the first Wednesday or Saturday after the 15th of
November of each year:

Salt Lake City, Utah; Ogden, Utah; Pueblo, Col.; Denver, Col.;
Colorado Springs, Col.

Blank forms of application may be obtained at any time from the
Secretary of the Board of U. S. Civil Service Examiners, Post
Office, Denver, Col., or from the local secretary at the office
where appointment is desired. Applications when executed must be
filed with the secretary of the board at Denver, Col., prior to
4.30 p. m. on the third Monday in October. Applications received
after that time will be filed for the next subsequent examination.

Examinations for the following offices are held only when eligibles
are needed and application blanks are not given out until the
examinations are announced:

Albuquerque, N. Mex.; Aspen, Col.; Boulder, Col.; Canon City, Col.;
Cheyenne, Wyo.; Cripple Creek, Col.; Durango, Col.; Florence, Col.;
Fort Collins, Col.; Grand Junction, Col.; Greeley, Col.; Laramie,
Wyo.; Las Vegas, N. Mex.; Leadville, Col.; Logan, Utah; Phoenix,
Ariz.; Prescott, Ariz.; Provo City, Utah; Rockyford, Col.; Santa
Fe, N. Mex.; Sheridan, Wyo.; Trinidad, Col.; Tucson, Ariz.; Victor,
Col.

See Note 2, First District.


TWELFTH DISTRICT.

Headquarters, San Francisco, Cal.

The name of each male eligible for the following-named post offices
will be entered on only one register, namely, the clerk or the
carrier register, and male applicants must therefore indicate in
their applications whether they desire the position of clerk or
carrier:

Los Angeles, Oakland, Sacramento, San Francisco, San Jose, Cal.;
Butte, Mont.; Portland, Ore.; Seattle, Wash.; Spokane, Wash.;
Tacoma, Wash.

See Note 1, First District.

Examinations for the following-named offices are held, as far as
practicable, on the first Wednesday or Saturday after the 15th of
November of each year:

Oakland and San Francisco, Cal., to be held in San Francisco;
Fresno, Los Angeles, Pasadena, Sacramento, San Diego, San Jose
and Stockton, Cal., in those places, respectively; Butte, Helena,
Mont.; Portland, Ore.; Seattle, Spokane, Tacoma, Wash., in those
places, respectively.

Blank forms of application may be obtained at any time either
from the secretary of the board, Post Office, San Francisco; the
auxiliary secretary at the post office at San Diego, Cal., or from
the auxiliary secretary at the office where appointment is desired.
The application when executed must be filed with the secretary of
the board, Post Office, San Francisco, prior to 4 o’clock p. m., on
the third Monday in October. Applications received after that time
will be filed for the next subsequent examination.

Examinations for the following offices are held only when eligibles
are needed, and application blanks will not be given out until the
examinations are announced:

In the State of California: Alameda, Bakersfield, Berkeley, Chico,
Eureka, Hanford, Long Beach, Marysville, Napa, Palo Alto, Petaluma,
Pomona, Redding, Redlands, Riverside, San Bernardino, San Luis
Obispo, San Rafael, Santa Ana, Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Santa
Rosa, Vallejo, Visalia, Watsonville.

In the State of Nevada: Reno.

Aberdeen, Wash.; Albany, Ore.; Anaconda, Mont.; Astoria, Ore.;
Baker City, Ore.; Bellingham, Wash.; Billings, Mont.; Boise, Idaho;
Bozeman, Mont.; Eugene, Ore.; Everett, Wash.; Great Falls, Mont.;
Kalispell, Mont.; Lewiston, Idaho; Livingston, Mont.; Missoula,
Mont.; Moscow, Idaho; North Yakima, Wash.; Olympia, Wash.;
Pendleton, Ore.; Pocatello, Idaho; Salem, Ore.; The Dalles, Ore.;
Walla Walla, Wash.

See Note 2, First District.




CHAPTER XIV.

EXAMINATION IN THE FAR EAST.

Regulations Differ from Those in the United States--Mounted Men in
the Island Force.


The Civil Service regulations for the Postal Service in the
Philippine Islands vary considerably from those for the United
States. There is only one examination--that of letter carrier.
Carriers are divided into two classes, mounted and unmounted. The
entrance salary of an unmounted carrier is $360. The higher classes
are filled by promotion. All the carriers must furnish their own
uniforms, as in the United States, while the mounted carriers must
provide their own conveyances. Both conveyances and uniforms are
subject to inspection and must be approved by the Director of Posts.

The examination consists of tests in spelling, arithmetic,
penmanship, copying from plain copy, location of buildings,
streets, plazas, etc., in the City of Manila, reading addresses and
simple tests in English.

The following is an example of the questions asked by the
Philippine examiners in an examination for letter carrier:

Spelling.--Question, Column, Regular, Possible, Precious, Guardian,
Entrance, Separate, Official, Eager, Patience, Position, Exceed,
Language, Explain, Business, Receive, Copyist, Certify, Specimen.

Arithmetic.--1. Add the following numbers: 7,820, 140, 616,487,
18,021,762, 5,329,456, 5,647,893, 432,890, 23,578,932, and 45,004.
From the sum of these numbers extract 8,641,762.

2. Multiply 794.4 by 450-3/5, and divide the product by 49.65.

3. A clerk received a salary of $720 a year. He spent 3/5 of it for
board, 1/4 of the remainder for clothing, and $144 for all other
expenses. How much did he save?

4. An open court contains 160 sq. yds. How many stones 9 inches
square will be required to pave it? (1,296 sq. in. equals 1 sq. yd.)

5. A Manila grocer imported 1,083 pounds of butter at 39 cents a
pound and sold it at 5/13 more than it cost. If his expenses were
$36.47, what was his net profit?

Letter Writing.--Two subjects for letter writing are given, and the
competitor may select either upon which to write a letter of not
less than 125 words. The exercise in letter writing is designed
chiefly to test the competitor’s skill in composition.

Penmanship.--The rating on penmanship is determined by legibility,
neatness, rapidity and general appearance, and by correctness and
uniformity in the formation of words, letters and punctuation marks
in the exercise in copying from plain copy. No particular style of
penmanship is preferred.

Copying from Plain Copy.--Candidates were required to make an exact
copy of the following:

“The hemp tree in the Philippines reaches an average height of
10 feet. It is a native plant, the stem of which is inclosed in
layers of half-round petioles. The hemp fiber is extracted from
these petioles, which, when cut down, are separated into strips 5
to 6 inches wide, and drawn under a knife attached at one end by
a hinge to a block of wood, while the other end is suspended from
the extremity of a flexible stick. The bow tends to raise the knife
and a cord attached to the same end of the knife, and a treadle
is so arranged that, by a movement of the foot, the operator can
bring the knife to work on the hemp petiole with the pressure he
chooses.”




CHAPTER XV.

RULES FOR LETTER CARRIERS.

How Mail Must Be Delivered--Work of Substitutes--Requirements,
Uniforms, Etc.


Letter carriers and substitute letter carriers are appointed by the
Postmaster General on the nomination of the postmaster.

Selection of persons for appointment as substitute letter carriers
must be made by the postmaster from the carriers’ eligible register
in the manner prescribed by the Civil Service Rules and the
nominations submitted to the First Assistant Postmaster General
(Division of Free Delivery), on Form 1101, together with the
certificate for original appointment, Postal Service, Form 145,
issued by the local Civil Service Board. When two or more persons
are nominated on the same day for appointment as substitute letter
carrier, their seniority shall be determined by their standing, or
rating, on the eligible register, and not by the order of their
selection.

A vacancy in the regular force must be filled by the promotion
of the senior substitute, whom the postmaster shall nominate for
appointment on Form 1101. When a vacancy occurs in the regular
force and there are no substitute letter carriers the nomination
for appointment to fill such vacancy shall be made in the manner
prescribed in the appointment of substitute letter carriers. The
selection of letter carriers and substitute letter carriers at new
free delivery offices, upon their establishment, is made from the
carriers’ eligible register by the Postmaster General.

When a vacancy occurs or an emergency arises necessitating the
immediate appointment of a letter carrier and there are no
available substitutes, and the eligible register contains less than
three names, the postmaster may nominate, for temporary appointment
not to exceed ninety days, any person of good character who is
within the age limitations. A postmaster is not required to, but
may make a selection from an eligible register containing less than
three names.

Reinstatements to the service will only be made in accordance with
Rule IX. of the Civil Service Rules. Applications for reinstatement
to the service must be made through the postmaster to the First
Assistant Postmaster General (Division of Free Delivery). If the
application be favorably considered, the First Assistant Postmaster
General will make requisition on the Civil Service Commission for
a certificate for reinstatement.

Where an applicant for reinstatement is an honorably discharged
soldier or sailor of the late Civil War or war with Spain he must
give the number of the company and the regiment in which he served,
and, if possible, transmit through the postmaster the certificate
of his honorable discharge from the military or naval service.

Transfers from the grade of clerk to that of carrier in the
same office may be made, provided they are effected by exchange
of positions, and the clerks to be transferred are physically
able to perform the duties of a carrier, but transfers from the
clerical force to vacancies in the letter carrier force will not
be permitted, except in cases where, in the judgment of the First
Assistant Postmaster General, the best interests of the service
will be subserved.

The transfer of a carrier from one office to another will not be
permitted unless it is shown by the sworn statement of a reputable
physician that the health of the carrier or of a member of his
immediate family requires a change of climate, and that the
transfer is desired on that account. Applications for transfer must
be indorsed by the postmaster and transmitted by him to the First
Assistant Postmaster General (Division of Free Delivery), with a
full statement of the circumstances surrounding each case.

Resignations of letter carriers and substitute letter carriers must
be made in writing and forwarded to the First Assistant Postmaster
General (Division of Free Delivery). No resignation requested by
the postmaster, or by anyone for him, will be accepted.

Letter carriers will not be removed except for just cause, upon
written charges filed with the First Assistant Postmaster General
(Division of Free Delivery), of which they shall be given due
notice and allowed full opportunity for defense. The charges shall
specifically set forth alleged delinquency or misconduct, giving
the date and place of the occurrence.

Every letter carrier shall give bonds, with sureties, to be
approved by the Postmaster General, for the safe custody and
delivery of all mail matter, and the faithful account and payment
of all money received by him. Each letter carrier and substitute
letter carrier shall, at the time of his appointment, give bond
in the sum of one thousand dollars. It is preferred that bonds
furnished by one of the surety companies authorized to act as
sureties on official bonds be given. The original bonds of two or
more carriers or substitutes, appointed at the same time, may be
given on a blanket or schedule form. Letter carriers transferred
from one post office to another, and substitutes promoted to
be regular carriers, must file new bonds, their former bonds
terminating on the date of such transfer or promotion. A list
of the companies authorized to act as sole surety on official
bonds will be furnished upon application to the First Assistant
Postmaster General (Division of Free Delivery). All bonds of
carriers must be filed with the First Assistant Postmaster General
(Division of Free Delivery).

Every carrier, before beginning active service, shall take the
official oath prescribed in Section 207, which oath will be
retained on the files of the local post office, subject to the
call of the First Assistant Postmaster General or to inspection
by a post office inspector or other officer of the Post Office
Department.


Uniforms of Carriers.

The Postmaster General may prescribe a uniform dress to be worn
by letter carriers, and any person not connected with the letter
carrier branch of the Postal Service who shall wear the uniform
which may be prescribed shall for every such offense be punishable
by a fine of not more than one hundred dollars, or by imprisonment
for not more than six months, or both.

Letter carriers and substitutes must procure uniforms at their own
expense. Postmasters will advise and assist them in obtaining
well-fitting suits of the prescribed material and at the best terms.

Uniforms made according to the following specifications must be
worn by all letter carriers:


For Winter Uniform.

Coat.--A double-breasted, square-corner sack coat, with lapels,
and made of bluish-gray worsted or serge, terminating two-thirds
of the distance from the top of the hipbone to the knee, with a
pocket at each side and one on the left breast, all outside, with
flaps 2-3/4 to 3 inches wide, with length to suit height of wearer,
say, 6-1/2 to 7 inches; coat to be piped with the best grade mohair
braid, 1/16 inch projecting, to be inserted between edges; ten
brass buttons with the design of this Department (letter carrier
in uniform, with mail bag on shoulder and letter in uplifted hand,
or present design with letters “P. O. D.” beneath), down the front
to button to the neck, and cord piping around the sleeves, 2-1/2
inches from the bottom, to correspond with piping on the edge; two
circular buttons (vest size) on sleeve of coat, equidistant below
cord on sleeve; on right shoulder a brass hook 1-1/2 inches long
by 3/4 inch wide, to be two inches above sleeve seam, to retain
strap of mail bag in its position; coat to be lined with a durable
all-wool flannel.

Trousers.--Of same material and color of coat, with fine black
broadcloth piping, 1/4 inch wide, down the outside seam. Side and
two hip pockets, to be made of strong, durable material.

Vest.--A single-breasted vest of same material and color as coat
and trousers, with seven circular, brass buttons (vest size), with
the letters “P. O. D.” upon the face. Four pockets on outside, two
on breast, and two at waist, and one on inside.

Overcoat or Cape.--A reversible cape (detached from the coat)
reaching to the cuff of the coat sleeve when the arm is extended,
of the same material and color on one side, and gutta-percha cloth
on the other side, with five buttons, the same as on the coat, down
the front, and bound entirely round with black mohair piping; or
an overcoat of the same material and color, trimmed to correspond
with the coat, with five brass buttons down the front of the same
size and design as the coat button. It shall not be obligatory on
the carriers to wear either, but whenever additional covering is
needed the postmaster of each city will decide, in accordance with
the wishes of the majority of the carriers, which shall be worn, as
both must not be worn in the same city.


For Summer Wear.

Coat.--Single-breasted, straight-front sack, with square corners,
skeleton made, of bluish-gray flannel, or a light-weight
bluish-gray worsted or serge, and terminating two-thirds distance
from top of hipbone to knee, with lapels (medium roll) made to
button over the breast; three pockets outside, with flaps, one
on each side and one on left breast. Coat to be bound with black
mohair piping, 1/16 inch projection, and five buttons down front,
four buttons to button, and one at top, under lapel of coat.

Trousers.--Same material and color as coat, with black cloth cord,
1/4 inch wide, down the outside seam. Side and two hip pockets, to
be made of strong and durable material.

Vest.--Same material and color as coat and trousers, piped same
as coat, with collar cut to open same height as coat, and five
regulation buttons down the front. Vest may be omitted in Summer.
During the heated term postmasters may permit letter carriers
to wear a neat shirt or loose-fitting blouse, instead of coat
and vest, the same to be made of light-gray chambray, gingham,
light-gray cheviot, or other light-gray washable material, to be
worn with turn-down collar, dark tie, and neat belt, all to be
uniform at each office. All garments must be sewed with pure-dye
sewing silk, and the garments must be finished in a proper and
workmanlike manner and goods thoroughly shrunk.

Carriers must be designated by number, and nickel-plated figures
nine-sixteenths of an inch in length, surmounted by a metallic
wreath, must be worn, on the hat, cap, or helmet, the design and
pattern to be uniform at all offices, and to be regarded as a part
of the carrier’s uniform.

Length of service as letter carriers shall be indicated on the
carrier’s uniforms by stars, as follows:

Five years’ service, one black silk star.

Ten years’ service, two black silk stars.

Fifteen years’ service, one red silk star.

Twenty years’ service, two red silk stars.

Twenty-five years’ service, one silver star.

Thirty years’ service, two silver stars.

Forty years’ service, two gold stars.

All stars will be three-fourths of an inch in diameter and placed
one-half inch above black braid on each sleeve, equidistant between
seams.

Postmasters of free delivery offices will cause a careful
inspection of carriers’ uniforms to be made twice a year. A carrier
should not be required to buy a new suit or any part thereof,
unless the postmaster, after inspection, decides that it is
necessary in order to maintain a uniform and neat appearance of the
force.


Performance of Service.

All letter carriers at free delivery offices shall be entitled to
leave of absence, not to exceed fifteen days in each year, without
loss of pay. The words “each year” mean fiscal year (July 1st to
June 30th, inclusive), and carriers in the service on the first day
of July are entitled to receive fifteen days’ vacation, inclusive
of Sundays and holidays, at any time during the year when the
postmaster can best spare them. Carriers entering the service after
the first day of July are entitled to a pro rata leave of absence
during the remainder of the fiscal year, equal to one and a quarter
days for each month.

Carriers serving as members of the local Civil Service Boards
during examinations, as members of the United States Militia of the
District of Columbia, or as witnesses for the Government in the
United States courts, shall be given leave with full pay during
necessary absence occasioned by such service.

Postmasters may, in addition to the leave of absence provided by
law, grant a leave of absence without pay to carriers in cases
of illness, disability received in the service, or other urgent
necessity, such leave not to exceed thirty days. An application for
a leave of absence to cover a longer period of time must be made to
the First Assistant Postmaster General (Division of Free Delivery)
for suspension with loss of pay, or for removal from the service,
as the circumstances may require.

When regular carriers are absent from duty for any cause, their
places shall be supplied by substitute carriers. The Postmaster
General is authorized to employ, when necessary, during the
time such fifteen days’ leave of absence is granted to a letter
carrier, such number of substitute letter carriers as may be deemed
advisable, who shall be paid for the services rendered at the rate
of six hundred dollars per annum.

Substitute carriers shall be assigned to duty by the postmaster,
or his representative, and must never be called into service by
carriers, except in cases of urgent necessity, when it is plainly
impossible to notify the postmaster in time, either by telephone or
messenger.

Substitute letter carriers will be paid one dollar per annum,
payable quarterly. They also receive pay at the rate of $600 per
annum when serving in place of carriers who have been granted
annual leave of absence. The pro rata salary of carriers for whom
they serve who are absent without pay is also given to them, as
well as the pro rata salary of carriers who are granted leave of
absence with full pay in order that they may serve as members of
local Civil Service Boards in conducting examinations, as witnesses
for the Government in United States courts, or as members of the
United States Militia of the District of Columbia.

When substitutes serve for regular carriers on Sunday and perform
the same amount of work the regular carrier would have performed on
that day, they receive a full day’s pay.


Hours of Service for Carriers.

Eight hours constitutes a day’s work for letter carriers in cities
or postal districts connected therewith, for which they receive the
same pay as is paid for a day’s work of a greater number of hours.
If any letter carrier is employed a greater number of hours per
day than eight he is paid extra for the same in proportion to the
salary fixed by law.

Postmasters prepare, for the guidance of carriers in their work, a
time schedule made on the basis of eight hours’ work each day, and
so arranged as to provide only such time as is absolutely necessary
for the legitimate office duties of each carrier. The hours of
daily service need not be consecutive. No carrier is scheduled for
more work than he can perform during eight hours. Carriers need not
be required to consume exactly eight hours each day, but as nearly
such time as practicable, considering the varying amount of mail
to be handled on different days. Postmasters must not direct or
permit carriers to work overtime, and are held accountable therefor.

Letter carriers must not report prior to schedule time for the
first trip of the day, nor for the beginning of a trip following a
“swing.” Carriers must not remain at their desks nor in the working
room of the office during a “swing” or interval between trips, nor
during the dinner hour; neither must they remain in the post office
after completing the last trip of the day.

Carriers engaged exclusively in the collection service must not
remain in the workroom of the office except while depositing and
facing the mail collected by them. Carriers must register on the
automatic clock register upon reporting, leaving, returning and
ending for each trip which begins and ends at the post office. The
time from the clock tapes is copied into the time book or pasted
into a suitable book and preserved, and constitutes the official
record of time. Should the clock register be out of order the
time recorded by carriers on their daily trip reports is entered
in the time book. One carrier must not register on the clock for
another. If this rule is violated both the carriers concerned will
be removed.

The time of reporting, leaving, returning and ending for each trip
must also be recorded by the carriers on their daily trip reports;
the entries on these reports must be made at the beginning and end
of each trip, and must not be deferred until the close of the day.
When collections are made in the morning, on the carrier’s way to
the office, the first and second entries on the trip report must
be the time of opening the first box. When a carrier completes his
delivery on his route and does not return to the post office the
time recorded on his trip report for returning and ending on that
trip must be the time of his last piece of mail.

Where carriers are unable to deliver all mail matter taken out on
the last trip of the day without making overtime, they must return
to the post office within the eight hours prescribed with the
understanding that they make a full report to the superintendent
of the station, and a full statement will also be made on the trip
report of the day. Carriers are required to deliver all mail taken
out on the earlier trips, even though such delivery necessitates
exceeding the time allowed by the schedules for such trips, unless
collections are made for an important dispatch, in which event the
latter must be met and mail remaining undelivered will be delivered
on the following trip.

Every letter carrier must keep a route book, which should be a
complete directory of the persons served by him, and all changes
of address should be posted daily. Carriers must record daily in
their log books the disposition made of all undelivered mail. The
forwarding of mail, and notifying publishers of changes of address
is clerical work, and should not be performed by carriers.

Carriers are not permitted to perform clerical work. Their work
must be confined to the collection and delivery of mail; the
routing of mail for delivery; the making up or “logging” of
undelivered matter; receipting for and the recording of registered
mail; posting route books; the facing of mail collected by them,
and, at offices where hand-feed canceling machines are used,
the facing of mail directly into such machines, and to duty at
carriers’ delivery windows.

In the performance of their duties letter carriers must be civil,
prompt and obliging. Carriers must attend quietly and diligently
to their duties, and under no circumstances must they loiter or
stop to converse on their routes, and they must refrain from loud
talking, profane language, and smoking in the office or on their
routes.

Carriers must not solicit, in person or through others,
contributions of money, gifts, or presents; issue addresses,
complimentary cards, prints, publications, or any substitute
therefor intended or calculated to induce the public to make them
gifts or presents; distribute, offer for sale, or collect the
proceeds of the sale of tickets to theatres, balls, concerts,
fairs, or any other entertainment; issue for profit souvenirs or
postal handbooks, or in any manner co-operate with or assist the
publishers of souvenirs or postal handbooks to secure the patronage
of the public; compile city directories for public use or assist
publishers to compile the same; borrow money from patrons on their
routes; or contract debts which they have no reasonable prospect of
being able to pay.

Carriers must not engage in any business during their prescribed
hours of service, or conduct any business after hours which offers
the temptation to solicit patronage on their routes, or which, by
reason of their position in the Government service, gives them
special advantage over competitors, such as book canvassing,
soliciting insurance, selling sewing machines, or other kindred
occupations.

Letter carriers may be reprimanded, suspended with loss of pay,
or removed from the service for infractions of the Postal Laws
and Regulations, of orders of the Department, and of orders of
postmasters not inconsistent therewith, as the nature or gravity
of the offenses may require. All reprimands and suspensions must
be reported to the First Assistant Postmaster General (Division of
Free Delivery) for approval and entry in the carriers’ efficiency
record.




CHAPTER XVI.

DELIVERY AND COLLECTING OF MAIL BY CARRIERS.


The regulations as to the delivery of mail matter will apply to
the delivery of such matter by letter carriers, except where
inapplicable or as otherwise modified.

Carriers must be careful to deliver mail to the persons for whom it
is intended, or to some one authorized to receive it. They will,
in case of doubt, make inquiry with the view of ascertaining the
owner. Failing in this, the mail will be returned to the office,
to be disposed of as the postmaster may direct. Carriers must not
deliver mail matter to patrons in the street, unless such delivery
can be made without unreasonable delay. Mail matter must not be
delivered by carriers in boxes or other receptacles which are not
occupied in whole or in part by the addressees unless expressly
ordered by the postmaster.

Carriers must not throw mail matter into windows or halls, unless
specially instructed to do so. They must ring the bell, wait a
reasonable time for an answer, and deliver the mail to some one of
the household in the habit of receiving it. Patrons who repeatedly
fail to respond promptly to the carrier’s ring must be reported
to the postmaster. Carriers must not enter any house while on
their trips, except in the discharge of their official duties.
Mail matter must not be delivered by carriers which has not passed
through the post office or station with which they are connected.
Mail matter intrusted to carriers must not be exhibited to persons
other than those addressed, except on the order of the postmaster
or some one authorized to act for him. Letters for delivery must
not be carried by carriers in their pockets. Carriers must not
deviate from the respective routes. Carriers must not stop for
their meals while on their trips. Carriers must not throw away or
improperly dispose of mail matter, however trifling or unimportant
it may appear to them. Stamps must not be removed from mail matter
of any class whatever intrusted to carriers for delivery or
collected by them for mailing.

Mounted carriers must dismount and deliver the mail at the doors
of residences, except in cases where the patrons on their routes
consent to respond to their call and receive the mail at the
sidewalk. Carriers are not required to deliver mail at residences
where vicious dogs are permitted to run at large. Persons keeping
such dogs must call at the post office for their mail.

Carriers must collect and promptly return to the postmaster all
postage due on mail intrusted to them for delivery, as indicated
by the postage-due stamps attached. Such mail matter must not be
delivered until the postage due shall have been paid.

When carriers making collections from letter boxes find that it
will be impossible on any one trip to carry to the post office the
contents of all the boxes on their routes, preference must be given
to mail matter of the first class. Newspapers and packages placed
on the tops of letter boxes should be collected when it can be
done without overloading the mail sacks and preventing the prompt
collection of mail matter properly deposited in the boxes.

Carriers must, while on their routes, receive letters with postage
stamps affixed, handed them for mailing, but they should not delay
the deliveries by waiting for such letters. Money to pay postage
on letters handed them for mailing must not be accepted, except as
provided for in the use of the stamp-selling envelope in connection
with house-to-house delivery and collection boxes.

Carriers should also receive other small articles of mailable
matter with postage properly prepaid, but they should refuse to
receive packages that are cumbersome on account of size, shape
or weight, especially when the carrying of such packages would
interfere with the prompt delivery of mail and the collections from
letter boxes.

Carriers must receive and register all letters and packages of
first-class matter that are not cumbersome on account of size,
shape or weight, and properly offered them for registration, and
must give the regulation receipt therefor. Carriers must encourage
the registration of valuable first-class matter by patrons on their
routes.

Postmasters may permit carriers to sell postage stamps or
stamped envelopes in limited quantities; but their deliveries or
collections must not be delayed in making change.

Carriers must not return, under any circumstances, to any person,
any letter or letters, said to have been deposited in a letter box,
or which have come into the custody of the carrier in a regular
way. An applicant for the return of such mail should be directed to
the postmaster.

After the last daily delivery carriers must return to the post
office or station with which they are connected their satchels and
all mail that can not be delivered. Carriers may be permitted to
take their satchels home with them direct from their routes when,
in the opinion of the postmaster, the interests of the service
will be promoted thereby, but undelivered mail matter remaining in
satchels must first be deposited in the nearest letter box.




CHAPTER XVII.

SPECIAL DELIVERY MESSENGERS.

Chance for Boys from Thirteen Years of Age to Enter Post Office
Service.


The Postmaster General may, in his discretion, require the
delivery of special delivery matter to be made entirely by special
messengers. In New York City, however, this is done solely by
employes in the service. At free delivery offices postmasters will,
from time to time, employ as many messengers as in their judgment
may be necessary to secure prompt delivery of special matter. None
but trustworthy boys over 13 years of age should be employed. The
force of special delivery messengers in each office should be so
arranged that a suitable number may always be on hand to secure
immediate delivery of all special delivery matter at any time
within the prescribed hour of the day.

Each messenger, before entering upon his duties, must take the
oath prescribed by law on the blank furnished. Substitute letter
carriers, when not on duty in place of regular carriers, may
be employed as messengers in the special delivery service, and
receive the same compensation as other messengers; but such
employment must not interfere with the work of the post office or
free delivery.

Where delivery of special delivery matter can not be promptly made
by regular special delivery messengers, postmasters may cause such
delivery to be made by any regular clerk or employe, who will
be allowed the same compensation, and be paid and give receipt
therefore in the same manner as regular messengers.

Any person employed to make immediate delivery of letters or
other mail matter, shall be deemed an employee of the Postal
Service, whether he may have been sworn or not, or temporarily
or permanently employed, and as such employee shall be liable to
any penalties or punishments provided by law for the improper
detention, delay, secretion, rifling, embezzlement, purloining or
destruction of any letter or other article of mail matter, or the
contents thereof, intrusted to him for delivery or placed in his
custody.

Combinations or arrangements between special delivery messengers
with a view to securing a division of the total permissible
compensation of the month are forbidden; and postmasters should,
by distribution of work and assignment of hours of duty, equalize
as far as practicable the compensation of messengers. A messenger
should not always be assigned to duty during the same periods of
each day; but changes will be made from time to time, whereby a
messenger employed during the busy hours of one day may be assigned
to the duller hours of another day.

Orderly conduct of special delivery messengers while in the
office and on their trips is strictly enforced; and no messenger
will be retained who is not diligent and well-behaved. A special
place is provided in the post office for the accommodation of the
messengers, and it is so arranged as to prevent their access to
other parts of the office, and to mail matter other than that in
which they are immediately concerned.

Special delivery messengers need not be uniformed, except in such
special cases as may be ordered, but they should all be decently
and comfortably clad. Substitute letter-carriers, when employed as
messengers for special delivery, may wear their carrier uniforms.

Messengers are paid at the rate of not exceeding eight cents for
each piece delivered, or attempted to be delivered.

Each messenger is furnished with a delivery book, in which must be
entered the number and address of each piece of matter received
for delivery, the date and hour of its receipt by the messenger,
and the amount of postage due thereon. The receipt of the person
to whom any special delivery matter is delivered must be taken in
the blank space provided for this purpose in the delivery book.
Delivery books will be kept in the post office when not in use,
and messengers must promptly return them to the office after every
tour. Whenever for any cause a book is no longer used, it will be
filed in the post office.




CHAPTER XVIII.

THE LAW AND THE GOSPEL OF THE POSTAL SERVICE.


A former learned wit of the Post Office Department, cogitating
over, upon, under, and between, the multifarious and abstruse
problems submitted for adjudication, evolved the following gems of
keen, mental penetration. That:

Feather beds are not mailable.

A stamp of the foot is not sufficient to carry a letter.

A pair of onions will go for two cents.

Persons are compelled to lick their own postage stamps; the
postmaster cannot be compelled to do this.

Nitro-glycerine must be forwarded at the risk of the sender. If
it should blow up in the postmaster’s hands he cannot be held
responsible.

When candy is sent through the mails it is earnestly requested that
both ends of the package be left open, so that the employees of the
post office may test its quality.

John Smith gets his mail from 674,279 post offices, hence a letter
directed to John Smith, United States, will reach him.

Poems on “Spring, Spring, the Beautiful Spring,” and “The Beautiful
Snow, with its White Efulgent Glow,” are rigidly excluded from the
mails. (This is to catch the editorial vote).

It is earnestly requested that lovers writing to their sweethearts
will please confine their gushing rhapsodies to the inside of the
envelope.

Ducks cannot be sent through the mails alive. Their discordant,
vociferous greetings are apt to disturb the slumbers of the clerks.

It is unsafe to send fruit-laden trees through the mails; clerks
are known to have a weakness for such things.




CHAPTER XIX.

DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE.

A Declaration by the Representatives of the United States of
America, in Congress Assembled.


When, in the course of human events, it becomes necessary for one
people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them
with another, and to assume, among the powers of the earth, the
separate and equal station to which the laws of nature and of
nature’s God entitle them, a decent respect to the opinions of
mankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel
them to the separation.

We hold these truths to be self-evident--that all men are created
equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain
inalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the
pursuit of happiness. That, to secure these rights, governments
are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the
consent of the governed; that, whenever any form of government
becomes destructive of these ends, it is the right of the people
to alter or abolish it, and to institute a new government, laying
its foundations on such principles, and organizing its powers in
such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their safety
and happiness. Prudence, indeed, will dictate that governments long
established should not be changed for light and transient causes;
and, accordingly, all experience hath shown that mankind are more
disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable, than to right
themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed.
But when a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing
invariably the same object, evinces a design to reduce them under
absolute despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw
off such government, and to provide new guards for their future
security. Such has been the patient sufferance of these colonies,
and such is now the necessity which constrains them to alter their
former systems of government. The history of the present king of
Great Britain is a history of repeated injuries and usurpations,
all having in direct object the establishment of an absolute
tyranny over these States. To prove this, let facts be submitted to
a candid world.

1. He has refused his assent to laws the most wholesome and
necessary for the public good.

2. He has forbidden his government to pass laws of immediate and
pressing importance, unless suspended in their operations till his
assent should be obtained; and, when so suspended, he has utterly
neglected to attend to them.

3. He has refused to pass other laws for the accommodation of large
districts of people, unless those people would relinquish the right
of representation in the Legislature--a right inestimable to them,
and formidable to tyrants only.

4. He has called together legislative bodies at places unusual,
uncomfortable, and distant from the repository of their public
records, for the sole purpose of fatiguing them into compliance
with his measures.

5. He has dissolved representative houses repeatedly, for opposing,
with manly firmness, his invasions on the rights of the people.

6. He has refused, for a long time after such dissolutions, to
cause others to be elected, whereby the legislative powers,
incapable of annihilation, have returned to the people at large for
their exercise; the State remaining, in the meantime, exposed to
the dangers of invasions from without, and convulsions within.

7. He has endeavored to prevent the population of these States;
for that purpose obstructing the laws for the naturalization of
foreigners; refusing to pass others to encourage their migration
hither, and raising the conditions of new appropriations of lands.

8. He has obstructed the administration of justice, by refusing his
assent to laws for establishing judiciary powers.

9. He has made judges dependent on his will alone for the tenure of
their offices, and the amount and payment of their salaries.

10. He has erected a multitude of new offices, and sent hither
swarms of officers to harass our people and eat out their substance.

11. He has kept among us in times of peace, standing armies,
without the consent of our Legislatures.

12. He has affected to render the military independent of, and
superior to, the civil power.

13. He has combined with others to subject us to a jurisdiction
foreign to our constitutions, and unacknowledged by our laws;
giving his assent to their acts of pretended legislation:--

For quartering large bodies of armed troops among us;

For protecting them, by a mock trial, from punishment for any
murders which they should commit on the inhabitants of these States;

For cutting off our trade with all parts of the world;

For imposing taxes on us without our consent;

For depriving us, in many cases, of the benefits of a trial by
jury;

For transporting us beyond seas, to be tried for pretended offences;

For abolishing the free system of English laws in a neighboring
province, establishing therein an arbitrary government, and
enlarging its boundaries, so as to render it at once an example and
fit instrument for introducing the same absolute rule into these
colonies;

For taking away our charters, abolishing our most valuable laws,
and altering, fundamentally, the forms of our governments;

For suspending our own Legislatures and declaring themselves
invested with power to legislate for us in all cases whatsoever.

14. He has abdicated government here, by declaring us out of his
protection and waging war against us.

15. He has plundered our seas, ravaged our coasts, burned our towns
and destroyed the lives of our people.

16. He is at this time transporting large armies of foreign
mercenaries to complete the works of death, desolation and tyranny,
already begun with circumstances of cruelty and perfidy scarcely
paralleled in the most barbarous ages, and totally unworthy the
head of a civilized nation.

17. He has constrained our fellow-citizens, taken captive on the
high seas, to bear arms against their country, to become the
executioners of their friends and brethren, or to fall themselves
by their hands.

18. He has excited domestic insurrection among us, and has
endeavored to bring on the inhabitants of our frontiers the
merciless Indian savages, whose known rule of warfare is an
undistinguished destruction of all ages, sexes and conditions.

In every stage of these oppressions we have petitioned for redress
in the most humble terms; our repeated petitions have been answered
only by repeated injury. A prince whose character is thus marked by
every act which may define a tyrant, is unfit to be the ruler of a
free people.

Nor have we been wanting in our attentions to our British brethren.
We have warned them, from time to time, of attempts by their
Legislature to extend an unwarrantable jurisdiction over us. We
have reminded them of the circumstances of our emigration and
settlement here. We have appealed to their native justice and
magnanimity, and we have conjured them by the ties of our common
kindred to disavow these usurpations, which would inevitably
interrupt our connections and correspondence. They, too, have
been deaf to the voice of justice and of consanguinity. We
must, therefore, acquiesce in the necessity which denounces our
separation, and hold them as we hold the rest of mankind--enemies
in war; in peace, friends.

We, therefore, the representatives of the United States of America
in general Congress assembled, appealing to the Supreme Judge of
the world for the rectitude of our intentions, do, in the name and
by the authority of the good people of these colonies, solemnly
publish and declare that these united colonies are, and of right
ought to be, free and independent States; that they are absolved
from all allegiance to the British crown, and that all political
connection between them and the State of Great Britain is, and
ought to be, totally dissolved, and that, as free and independent
States, they have full power to levy war, conclude peace, contract
alliances, establish commerce, and do all other acts and things
which independent States may of right do. And for the support
of this declaration, with a firm reliance on the protection of
Divine Providence, we mutually pledge to each other our lives, our
fortunes, and our sacred honor.




CHAPTER XX.

CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES.


We, the People of the United States, in order to form a more
perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquility,
provide for the common defence, promote the general welfare, and
secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do
ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of
America.


Article I.--Legislative Department.

=Section I.=--All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested
in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate
and House of Representatives.

=Section II.=--Clause 1. The House of Representatives shall be
composed of members chosen every second year by the people of the
several States, and the electors in each State shall have the
qualifications requisite for electors of the most numerous branch
of the State Legislature.

Clause 2. No person shall be a representative who shall not have
attained to the age of twenty-five years, and been seven years a
citizen of the United States, and who shall not, when elected, be
an inhabitant of that State in which he shall be chosen.

Clause 3. Representatives and direct taxes shall be apportioned
among the several States which may be included within this Union,
according to their respective numbers, which shall be determined
by adding to the whole number of free persons, including those
bound to service for a term of years, and excluding Indians not
taxed, three-fifths of all other persons. The actual enumeration
shall be made within three years after the first meeting of the
Congress of the United States, and within every subsequent term of
ten years, in such manner as they shall by law direct. The number
of Representatives shall not exceed one for every thirty thousand,
but each State shall have at least one Representative; and until
such enumeration shall be made, the State of New Hampshire shall
be entitled to choose three; Massachusetts, eight; Rhode Island
and Providence Plantations, one; Connecticut, five; New York, six;
New Jersey, four; Pennsylvania, eight; Delaware, one; Maryland,
six; Virginia, ten; North Carolina, five; South Carolina, five; and
Georgia, three.

Clause 4. When vacancies happen in the representation from any
State, the executive authority thereof shall issue writs of
election to fill such vacancies.

Clause 5. The House of Representatives shall choose their Speaker
and other officers; and shall have the sole power of impeachment.

=Section III.=--Clause 1. The Senate of the United States shall be
composed of two Senators from each State, chosen by the Legislature
thereof, for six years; and each Senator shall have one vote.

Clause 2. Immediately after they shall be assembled in consequence
of the first election, they shall be divided as equally as may
be into three classes. The seats of the Senators of the first
class shall be vacated at the expiration of the second year; of
the second class, at the expiration of the fourth year; and of
the third class, at the expiration of the sixth year, so that
one-third may be chosen every second year; and if vacancies happen
by resignation, or otherwise, during the recess of the Legislature
of any State, the Executive thereof may make temporary appointments
until the next meeting of the Legislature, which shall then fill
such vacancies.

Clause 3. No person shall be a Senator who shall not have attained
to the age of thirty years, and been nine years a citizen of the
United States, and who shall not, when elected, be an inhabitant of
that State for which he shall be chosen.

Clause 4. The Vice-President of the United States shall be
president of the Senate, but shall have no vote, unless they be
equally divided.

Clause 5. The Senate shall choose their other officers and also a
President “pro tempore,” in the absence of the Vice-President, or
when he shall exercise the office of President of the United States.

Clause 6. The Senate shall have the sole power to try all
impeachments: when sitting for that purpose, they shall be on oath
or affirmation. When the President of the United States is tried,
the Chief Justice shall preside; and no person shall be convicted
without the concurrence of two-thirds of the members present.

Clause 7. Judgment in cases of impeachment shall not extend further
than to removal from office, and disqualification to hold and enjoy
any office of honor, trust, or profit under the United States; but
the party convicted shall nevertheless be liable and subject to
indictment, trial, judgment and punishment, according to law.

=Section IV.=--Clause 1. The times, places and manner of holding
elections for Senators and Representatives shall be prescribed in
each State by the Legislature thereof; but the Congress may at any
time, by law, make or alter such regulations, except as to the
places of choosing Senators.

Clause 2. The Congress shall assemble at least once in every year,
and such, meeting shall be on the first Monday in December, unless
they shall by law appoint a different day.

=Section V.=--Clause 1. Each house shall be the judge of the
elections, returns and qualifications of its own members, and a
majority of each shall constitute a quorum to do business; but a
smaller number may adjourn from day to day, and may be authorized
to compel the attendance of absent members, in such manner, and
under such penalties, as each house may provide.

Clause 2. Each house may determine the rules of its proceedings,
punish its members for disorderly behavior, and, with the
concurrence of two-thirds, expel a member.

Clause 3. Each house shall keep a journal of its proceedings, and
from time to time publish the same, excepting such parts as may
in their judgment require secrecy; and the yeas and nays of the
members of either house on any question shall, at the desire of
one-fifth of those present, be entered on the journal.

Clause 4. Neither house, during the session of Congress, shall,
without the consent of the other, adjourn for more than three days,
nor to any other place than that in which the two houses shall be
sitting.

=Section VI.=--Clause 1. The Senators and Representatives shall
receive a compensation for their services, to be ascertained by
law, and paid out of the treasury of the United States. They shall
in all cases, except treason, felony and breach of the peace, be
privileged from arrest during their attendance at the session of
their respective houses, and in going to and returning from the
same; and for any speech or debate in either house, they shall not
be questioned in any other place.

Clause 2. No Senator or Representative shall, during the time for
which he was elected, be appointed to any civil office under the
authority of the United States, which shall have been created, or
the emoluments whereof shall have been increased, during such time;
and no person holding any office under the United States shall be
a member of either house during his continuance in office.

=Section VII.=--Clause 1. All bills for raising revenue shall
originate in the House of Representatives; but the Senate may
propose or concur with amendments, as on other bills.

Clause 2. Every bill which shall have passed the House of
Representatives and the Senate, shall, before it become a law, be
presented to the President of the United States; if he approve, he
shall sign it, but if not, he shall return it, with his objections,
to that house in which it shall have originated, who shall
enter the objections at large on their journal, and proceed to
reconsider it. If after such reconsideration, two-thirds of that
house shall agree to pass the bill, it shall be sent, together with
the objections, to the other house, by which it shall likewise
be reconsidered, and if approved by two-thirds of that house, it
shall become a law. But in all such cases the votes of both houses
shall be determined by yeas and nays, and the names of the persons
voting for and against the bill shall be entered on the journal of
each house respectively. If any bill shall not be returned by the
President within ten days (Sunday excepted) after it shall have
been presented to him, the same shall be a law, in like manner
as if he had signed it, unless the Congress by their adjournment
prevent its return, in which case it shall not be a law.

Clause 3. Every order, resolution or vote, to which the concurrence
of the Senate and House of Representatives may be necessary (except
on a question of adjournment), shall be presented to the President
of the United States; and before the same shall take effect, shall
be approved by him, or being disapproved by him, shall be repassed
by two-thirds of the Senate and House of Representatives, according
to the rules and limitations prescribed in the case of a bill.

=Section VIII.=--Clause 1. The Congress shall have power to lay
and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts
and provide for the common defence and general welfare of the
United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform
throughout the United States;

Clause 2. To borrow money on the credit of the United States;

Clause 3. To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the
several States, and with the Indian tribes;

Clause 4. To establish an uniform rule of naturalization, and
uniform laws on the subject of bankruptcies throughout the United
States;

Clause 5. To coin money, regulate the value thereof, and of foreign
coin, and fix the standard of weights and measures;

Clause 6. To provide for the punishment of counterfeiting the
securities and current coin of the United States;

Clause 7. To establish post offices and post roads;

Clause 8. To promote the progress of science and useful arts, by
securing, for limited times, to authors and inventors the exclusive
right to their respective writings and discoveries;

Clause 9. To constitute tribunals inferior to the Supreme Court;

Clause 10. To define and punish piracies and felonies committed on
the high seas, and offences against the law of nations;

Clause 11. To declare war, grant letters of marque and reprisal,
and make rules concerning captures on land and water;

Clause 12. To raise and support armies, but no appropriation of
money to that use shall be for a longer term than two years;

Clause 13. To provide and maintain a navy;

Clause 14. To make rules for the government and regulation of the
land and naval forces;

Clause 15. To provide for calling forth the militia to execute the
laws of the Union, suppress insurrections and repel invasions;

Clause 16. To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the
militia, and for governing such part of them as may be employed
in the service of the United States, reserving to the States
respectively the appointment of the officers, and the authority
of training the militia according to the discipline prescribed by
Congress;

Clause 17. To exercise exclusive legislation in all cases
whatsoever over such district (not exceeding ten miles square)
as may, by cession of particular States, and the acceptance of
Congress, become the seat of the government of the United States,
and to exercise like authority over all places purchased by the
consent of the Legislature of the State in which the same shall
be, for the erection of forts, magazines, arsenals, dockyards, and
other needful buildings;--And

Clause 18. To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for
carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers
vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States,
or in any department or officer thereof.

=Section IX.=--Clause 1. The migration or importation of such
persons as any of the States now existing shall think proper to
admit, shall not be prohibited by the Congress prior to the year
one thousand eight hundred and eight, but a tax or duty may be
imposed on such importation, not exceeding ten dollars for each
person.

Clause 2. The privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall not be
suspended, unless in cases of rebellion or invasion the public
safety may require it.

Clause 3. No bill of attainder or ex-post-facto law shall be passed.

Clause 4. No capitation or other direct tax shall be laid, unless
in proportion to the census or enumeration herein before directed
to be taken.

Clause 5. No tax or duty shall be laid on articles exported from
any State.

Clause 6. No preference shall be given by any regulation of
commerce or revenue to the ports of one State over those of
another; nor shall vessels bound to, or from, one State, be obliged
to enter, clear, or pay duties in another.

Clause 7. No money shall be drawn from the treasury but in
consequence of appropriations made by law; and a regular statement
and account of the receipts and expenditures of all public money
shall be published from time to time.

Clause 8. No title of nobility shall be granted by the United
States; And no person holding any office of profit or trust under
them, shall, without the consent of the Congress, accept of any
present, emolument, office, or title, of any kind whatever, from
any king, prince or foreign state.

=Section X.=--Clause 1. No state shall enter into any treaty,
alliance, or confederation; grant letters of marque and reprisal;
coin money; emit bills of credit; make any thing but gold and
silver coin a tender in payment of debts; pass any bill of
attainder, ex-post-facto law, or law impairing the obligation of
contracts, or grant any title of nobility.

Clause 2. No State shall, without the consent of the Congress, lay
any imposts or duties on imports or exports, except what may be
absolutely necessary for executing its inspection laws; and the
net produce of all duties and imposts, laid by any State on imports
or exports, shall be for the use of the treasury of the United
States; and all such laws shall be subject to the revision and
control of the Congress.

Clause 3. No State shall, without the consent of the Congress, lay
any duty of tonnage, keep troops or ships-of-war, in time of peace,
enter into any agreement or compact with another State, or with a
foreign power, or engage in war, unless actually invaded, or in
such imminent danger as will not admit of delay.


Article II.--Executive Department.

=Section I.=--Clause 1. The executive power shall be vested in
a President of the United States of America. He shall hold his
office during the term of four years, and, together with the
Vice-President, chosen for the same term, be elected as follows:

Clause 2. Each State shall appoint, in such manner as the
Legislature thereof may direct, a number of Electors, equal to the
whole number of Senators and Representatives to which the State may
be entitled in the Congress; but no Senator or Representative, or
person holding an office of trust or profit under the United States
shall be appointed an Elector.

[Clause 3. The Electors shall meet in their respective States,
and vote by ballot for two persons, of whom one, at least, shall
not be an inhabitant of the same State with themselves. And they
shall make a list of all of the persons voted for, and of the
number of votes for each; which list they shall sign and certify,
and transmit, sealed, to the seat of the Government of the United
States, directed to the president of the Senate. The president
of the Senate shall, in the presence of the Senate and House of
Representatives, open all the certificates, and the votes shall
then be counted. The person having the greatest number of votes
shall be the President, if such number be a majority of the whole
number of Electors appointed; and if there be more than one, who
have such majority, and have an equal number of votes, then the
House of Representatives shall immediately choose, by ballot, one
of them for President; and if no person have a majority, then, from
the five highest on the list, the said House shall, in like manner,
choose the President. But in choosing the President, the votes
shall be taken by States, the representation from each State having
one vote; a quorum for this purpose shall consist of a member or
members from two-thirds of the States, and a majority of all the
States shall be necessary to a choice. In every case, after the
choice of the President, the person having the greatest number of
votes of the Electors shall be the Vice-President. But if there
should remain two or more who have equal votes, the Senate shall
choose from them, by ballot, the Vice-President.]

The foregoing Clause is obsolete. It was repealed in 1804. It is
quoted here merely for reference. Article XII. of the Amendments
replaces it in the Constitution, and is here inserted instead of
the original Clause.

Amendment, Article XII.--The Electors shall meet in their
respective States, and vote by ballot for President and
Vice-President, one of whom, at least, shall not be an inhabitant
of the same State with themselves; they shall name in their ballots
the person voted for as President, and in distinct ballots the
person voted for as Vice-President; and they shall make distinct
lists of all persons voted for as President, and of all persons
voted for as Vice-President, and of the number of votes for each,
which lists they shall sign and certify, and transmit sealed to
the seat of the Government of the United States, directed to the
president of the Senate;--the president of the Senate shall, in
the presence of the Senate and House of Representatives, open
all the certificates, and the votes shall then be counted;--the
person having the greatest number of votes for President, shall
be the President, if such number be a majority of the whole
number of Electors appointed; and if no person have such majority,
then from the persons having the highest numbers not exceeding
three on the list of those voted for as President, the House
of Representatives shall choose immediately, by ballot, the
President. But in choosing the President, the votes shall be taken
by States, the representation from each State having one vote; a
quorum for this purpose shall consist of a member or members from
two-thirds of the States, and a majority of all the States shall
be necessary to a choice. And if the House of Representatives
shall not choose a President whenever the right of choice shall
devolve upon them, before the fourth day of March next following,
then the Vice-President shall act as President, as in the case of
the death or other constitutional disability of the President. The
person having the greatest number of votes as President, shall
be the Vice-President, if such number be a majority of the whole
number of Electors appointed; and if no person have a majority,
then from the two highest numbers on the list, the Senate shall
choose the Vice-President; a quorum for the purpose shall consist
of two-thirds of the whole number of Senators, and a majority of
the whole number shall be necessary to a choice. But no person
constitutionally ineligible to the office of President shall be
eligible to that of Vice-President of the United States.

Clause 4. The Congress may determine the time of choosing the
Electors, and the day on which they shall give their votes; which
day shall be the same throughout the United States.

Clause 5. No person except a natural-born citizen, [or a citizen
of the United States at the time of the adoption of this
Constitution,] shall be eligible to the office of President;
neither shall any person be eligible to that office who shall not
have attained the age of thirty-five years, and been fourteen years
resident within the United States.

The matter enclosed in brackets is obsolete.

Clause 6. In case of the removal of the President from office,
or of his death, resignation, or inability to discharge the
powers and duties of the said office, the same shall devolve on
the Vice-President, and the Congress may by law provide for the
case of removal, death, resignation, or inability, both of the
President and Vice-President, declaring what officer shall then
act as President; and such officer shall act accordingly until the
disability be removed, or a President shall be elected.

Clause 7. The President shall, at stated times, receive for his
services a compensation which shall neither be increased nor
diminished during the period for which he shall have been elected,
and he shall not receive within that period any other emolument
from the United States, or any of them.

Clause 8. Before he enter on the execution of his office, he shall
take the following oath or affirmation:--“I do solemnly swear (or
affirm) that I will faithfully execute the office of President of
the United States, and will, to the best of my ability, preserve,
protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States.”

=Section II.=--Clause 1. The President shall be commander-in-chief
of the army and navy of the United States, and of the militia of
the several States, when called into the actual service of the
United States; he may require the opinion, in writing, of the
principal officer in each of the executive departments, upon any
subject relating to the duties of their respective offices; and
he shall have power to grant reprieves and pardons for offences
against the United States, except in cases of impeachment.

Clause 2. He shall have power, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, to make treaties, provided two-thirds of the
Senators present concur; and he shall nominate, and by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate shall appoint ambassadors,
other public ministers and consuls, judges of the Supreme Court,
and all other officers of the United States whose appointments are
not herein otherwise provided for, and which shall be established
by law; but the Congress may by law vest the appointment of such
inferior officers as they think proper, in the President alone, in
the courts of law, or in the heads of departments.

Clause 3. The President shall have power to fill up all vacancies
that may happen during the recess of the Senate by granting
commissions which shall expire at the end of their next session.

=Section III.=--He shall from time to time give to the Congress
information of the state of the Union, and recommend to their
consideration such measures as he shall judge necessary and
expedient; he may, on extraordinary occasions, convene both houses,
or either of them, and in case of disagreement between them with
respect to the time of adjournment, he may adjourn them to such
time as he shall think proper; he shall receive ambassadors and
other public ministers; he shall take care that the laws be
faithfully executed, and shall commission all the officers of the
United States.

=Section IV.=--The President, Vice-President, and all civil
officers of the United States, shall be removed from office on
impeachment for, and conviction of, treason, bribery, or other high
crimes and misdemeanors.


Article III.--Judicial Department.

=Section I.=--The judicial power of the United States shall be
vested in one Supreme Court, and in such inferior courts as the
Congress may from time to time ordain and establish. The judges,
both of the Supreme and inferior courts, shall hold their offices
during good behavior, and shall, at stated times, receive for their
services a compensation which shall not be diminished during their
continuance in office:

=Section II.=--Clause 1. The judicial power shall extend to all
cases, in law and equity, arising under this Constitution, the
laws of the United States, and treaties made, or which shall be
made, under their authority;--to all cases affecting ambassadors,
other public ministers, and consuls;--to all cases of admiralty
and maritime jurisdiction;--to controversies to which the United
States shall be a party;--to controversies between two or more
States, to controversies between a State and citizens of another
State;--between citizens of different States;--between citizens of
the same State claiming lands under grants of different States,
and between a State, or the citizens thereof, and foreign states,
citizens, or subjects.

Clause 2. In all cases affecting ambassadors, other public
ministers and consuls, and those in which a State shall be a
party, the Supreme Court shall have original jurisdiction. In
all the other cases before mentioned, the Supreme Court shall
have appellate jurisdiction, both as to law and fact, with such
exceptions and under such regulations as the Congress shall make.

Clause 3. The trial of all crimes, except in cases of impeachment,
shall be by jury, and such trial shall be held in the State where
the said crimes shall have been committed; but when not committed
within any State, the trial shall be at such place or places as the
Congress may by law have directed.

=Section III.=--Clause 1. Treason against the United States shall
consist only in levying war against them, or in adhering to their
enemies, giving them aid and comfort.

Clause 2. No person shall be convicted of treason, unless on the
testimony of two witnesses to the same overt act, or on confession
in open court.

Clause 3. The Congress shall have power to declare the punishment
of treason; but no attainder of treason shall work corruption
of blood, or forfeiture, except during the life of the person
attainted.


Article IV.--General Provisions.

=Section I.=--Full faith and credit shall be given in each State to
the public acts, records and judicial proceedings of every other
State; and the Congress may by general laws prescribe the manner
in which such acts, records and proceedings shall be proved, and
the effect thereof.

=Section II.=--Clause 1. The citizens of each State shall be
entitled to all privileges and immunities of citizens in the
several States.

Clause 2. A person charged by any State with treason, felony, or
other crime, who shall flee from justice, and be found in another
State, shall, on demand of the executive authority of the State
from which he fled, be delivered up, to be removed to the State
having jurisdiction of the crime.

Clause 3. No person held to service or labor in one State, under
the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in consequence of
any law or regulation therein, be discharged from such service or
labor, but shall be delivered up on claim of the party to whom such
service or labor may be due.

N. B.--Clause 3 is obsolete.

=Section III.=--Clause 1. New States may be admitted by the
Congress into this Union; but no new State shall be formed or
erected within the jurisdiction of any other State; nor any State
be formed by the junction of two or more States, or parts of
States, without the consent of the Legislatures of the States
concerned as well as of the Congress.

Clause 2. The Congress shall have power to dispose of and make
all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or
other property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this
Constitution shall be so construed as to prejudice any claims of
the United States, or of any particular State.

=Section IV.=--The United States shall guarantee to every State in
this Union a republican form of government, and shall protect each
of them against invasion, and on application of the Legislature, or
of the executive (when the Legislature cannot be convened), against
domestic violence.


Article V.--Power of Amendment.

The Congress, whenever two-thirds of both Houses shall deem it
necessary, shall propose amendments to this Constitution, or, on
the application of the Legislatures of two-thirds of the several
States, shall call a convention for proposing amendments, which,
in either case, shall be valid to all intents and purposes, as
part of this Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures
of three-fourths of the several States, or by conventions in
three-fourths thereof, as the one or the other mode of ratification
may be proposed, by the Congress; provided that no amendment which
may be made prior to the year one thousand eight hundred and eight
shall in any manner affect the first and fourth clauses in the
ninth section of the first article; and that no State, without its
consent, shall be deprived of its equal suffrage in the Senate.


Article VI.--Miscellaneous Provisions.

Clause 1. All debts contracted, and engagements entered into,
before the adoption of this Constitution, shall be as valid as
against the United States under this Constitution, as under the
Confederation.

Clause 2. This Constitution, and the laws of the United States
which shall be made in pursuance thereof; and all treaties made,
or which shall be made, under the authority of the United States,
shall be the supreme law of the land; and the judges in every State
shall be bound thereby, anything in the Constitution or laws of any
State to the contrary notwithstanding.

Clause 3. The Senators and Representatives before mentioned, and
the members of the several State Legislatures, and all executive
and judicial officers, both of the United States and of the
several States, shall be bound by oath or affirmation to support
this Constitution; but no religious test shall ever be required
as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United
States.


Article VII.--Ratification of the Constitution.

The ratification of the conventions of nine States shall be
sufficient for the establishment of this Constitution between the
States so ratifying the same.

Done in convention, by the unanimous consent of the States present,
the seventeenth day of September, in the year of our Lord one
thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and of the Independence of
the United States of America the twelfth.




CHAPTER XXI.

AMENDMENTS

To the Constitution of the United States, Ratified According to the
Provisions of the Fifth Article of the Foregoing Constitution.


Article I.--Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment
of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging
the freedom of the speech, or of the press; or the right of the
people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for
redress of grievances.

Article II.--A well regulated militia, being necessary to the
security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear
arms shall not be infringed.

Article III.--No soldiers shall, in time of peace, be quartered in
any house, without the consent of the owner, nor in time of war,
but in a manner to be prescribed by law.

Article IV.--The right of the people to be secure in their persons,
houses, papers and effects, against unreasonable searches and
seizures, shall not be violated, and no warrants shall issue,
but upon probable cause, supported by oath or affirmation, and
particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons
or things to be seized.

Article V.--No person shall be held to answer for a capital or
otherwise infamous crime, unless on a presentment or indictment of
a grand jury, except in cases arising in the land or naval forces,
or in the militia, when in actual service in time of war and public
danger; nor shall any person be subject for the same offence to
be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb; nor shall be compelled
in any criminal case to be a witness against himself, nor to be
deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law;
nor shall private property be taken for public use, without just
compensation.

Article VI.--In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy
the right to a speedy and public trial, by an impartial jury of the
State and district wherein the crime shall have been committed,
which district shall have been previously ascertained by law,
and to be informed of the nature and cause of the accusation; to
be confronted with the witnesses against him; to have compulsory
process for obtaining witnesses in his favor, and to have the
assistance of counsel for his defence.

Article VII.--In suits at common law, where the value in
controversy shall exceed twenty dollars, the right of trial by
jury shall be preserved, and no fact tried by a jury shall be
otherwise re-examined in any court of the United States than
according to the rules of the common law.

Article VIII.--Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive
fines imposed, nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted.

Article IX.--The enumeration in the Constitution of certain rights,
shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the
people.

Article X.--The powers not delegated to the United States by the
Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to
the States respectively, or to the people.

Article XI.--The judicial power of the United States shall not be
construed to extend to any suit in law or equity, commenced or
prosecute against one of the United States by citizens of another
State, or by citizens or subjects of any foreign state.

Article XII.--See page 176.

Article XIII.--Section 1. Neither slavery nor involuntary
servitude, except as a punishment for crime, whereof the person
shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United
States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction.

Section 2. Congress shall have power to enforce this article by
appropriate legislation.

Article XIV.--Section 1. All persons born or naturalized in the
United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside.
No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the
privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States; nor
shall any State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property,
without due process of law, nor deny to any person within its
jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws.

Section 2. Representatives shall be appointed among the several
States according to their respective numbers, counting the whole
number of persons in each State excluding Indians not taxed.
But when the right to vote at any election for the choice of
Electors for President and Vice-President of the United States,
Representatives in Congress, the executive or judicial officers of
a State, or the members of the Legislature thereof, is denied to
any of the male inhabitants of such State, being twenty-one years
of age and citizens of the United States, or in any way abridged
except for participation in rebellion or other crime, the basis of
representation therein shall be reduced in the proportion which the
number of such male citizens shall bear to the whole number of male
citizens twenty-one years of age in such State.

Section 3. No person shall be a Senator or Representative in
Congress, or Elector of President or Vice-President, or hold any
office, civil or military, under the United States, or under
any State, who, having previously taken an oath as a member of
Congress, or as an officer of the United States, or as a member of
any State Legislature, or as an executive or judicial officer of
any State, to support the Constitution of the United States, shall
have engaged in insurrection or rebellion against the same, or
given aid or comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress may, by
a vote of two-thirds of each house, remove such disability.

Section 4. The validity of the public debt of the United States,
authorized by law, including debts incurred for payment of pensions
and bounties for services in suppressing insurrection or rebellion,
shall not be questioned. But neither the United States nor any
State shall assume or pay any debt or obligation incurred in aid of
insurrection or rebellion against the United States, or any claim
for the loss or emancipation of any slave; but all such debts,
obligations, and claims shall be held illegal and void.

Section 5. Congress shall have power to enforce, by appropriate
legislation, the provisions of this article.

Article XV.--Section 1. The rights of citizens of the United
States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United
States, or by any State, on account of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude.

Section 2. Congress shall have power to enforce this article by
appropriate legislation.




CHAPTER XXII.

STATIONS of the POST OFFICE, NEW YORK, N. Y.

CARRIER STATIONS.


  =Designation=      =Location=.

    =A=--126 Greene street, corner Prince street.

    =B=--Grand street, southeast corner Attorney street.

    =C=--West 13th street and Ninth avenue.

    =D=--103-105 East 12th street.

    =E=--110-114 West 32d street, near Sixth avenue.

    =F=--149-155 East 34th street, between Lexington and Third avenues.

    =G=--217-225 West 51st street, near Broadway.

    =H=--178-180 West 102d street, near Amsterdam avenue.

    =I=--232-234 West 116th street, between Seventh and Eighth avenues.

    =J=--2309-2311 Eighth avenue, corner 124th street.

   *=K=--202-204 East 88th street, near Third avenue.

   *=L=--147 East 125th street, corner Lexington avenue.

    =M=--2088 Amsterdam avenue, near 163d street.

    =N=--Broadway, corner 69th street.

    =O=--112-114-116 West 18th street, between Sixth and Seventh
             avenues.

    =P=--Custom House Building

   *=R=--378-380 East 149th street, between Third and Cortland avenues.

    =S=--Broadway, corner Howard street.

    =T=--507-509 East 165th street, between Third and Washington
             avenues.

   *=U=--Third avenue, corner 103d street.

    =V=--Northwest corner of West Broadway and Beach street.

   *=W=--160-162 West 83d street, near Amsterdam avenue.

    =X=--373-375 East 138th street, near Willis avenue.

   *=Y=--1160-1162 Third avenue, near 68th street.

    =City Island=--Southwest corner Main and Adams streets.

    =College=--305-307 West 140th street, near Eighth avenue.

    =Fordham=--2519 Webster avenue, near Fordham road.

    =Foreign=--West street, corner Morton street.

    =Fox Street=--Fox street, between 167th and 169th streets.

   *=Grand Central Station=--110 East 45th street, between Lexington
         avenue and Depew place.

    =Hamilton Grange=--521-523 West 146th street.

    =High Bridge=--Lind street and Summit avenue.

    =Hudson Terminal=--Cortland Building, 30 Church street, between
         Cortlandt and Dey streets.

    =Jay Street=--Jay and Greenwich streets (not a carrier station).

    =Kings Bridge=--5233 Broadway, between 225th and 227th streets.

    =Madison Square=--310-316 Fourth avenue, between 23d and 24th
         streets.

    =Morris Heights=--West 177th street, near Cedar avenue.

    =Pelham Branch.=

    =Pelham Manor Branch.=

   *=Times Square=--231-241 West 39th street.

    =Tompkins Square=--12th street and Avenue B.

    =Tremont=--1931 Washington avenue, between 177th and 178th streets.

    =Wall Street=--60 Wall street.

    =Washington Bridge=--Amsterdam avenue, near 180th street.

    =Westchester=--1471 Williamsbridge road, near Eastchester road.

    =Williamsbridge=--3455 White Plains avenue, near Gun Hill road.

  * Postal Savings Depository.


Brooklyn.

  =Station=      =Location=

  =A=--661 Broadway.

  =B=--1266-1268 Fulton street.

  =C=--5316-5318 Fifth avenue.

  =D=--1915-1917 Fulton street.

  =E=--2634 Atlantic avenue.

  =Flatbush=--830 Flatbush avenue.

  =G=--860 Manhattan avenue.

  =Bath Beach=--1848 Bath avenue, near 19th street.

  =J=--Myrtle avenue, near Wyckoff avenue.

  =Blythebourne=--13th avenue and 55th street.

  =L=--Flatbush avenue, L. I. R. R. Depot.

  =Coney Island=--Surf avenue, opp. West 17th street.

  =Fort Hamilton=--9110 Fifth avenue.

  =Sheepshead Bay=--1780 Shore Road.

  =P=--1731 Pitkin avenue.

  =Vanderveer=--Flatbush avenue, near Nostrand avenue.

  =S=--1262-1264 Broadway.

  =T=--170-172 Hamilton avenue.

  =V=--Fifth avenue and 9th street.

  =Y=--S. W. cor., 47th street and Gravesend avenue.

  =W=--Broadway and South 8th street.

  =Barren Island=--Barren Island.

  =Navy Yard=--Navy Yard.




INDEX


  ADDRESSES--                                                   Page
    Reading of                                                    50

  APPLICATIONS--
    Questions to be Filled Out In                                 30
    Where and How to Obtain                                       20

  APPOINTMENTS AND SALARIES                                       15

  ARITHMETIC                                          46, 54, 60, 69

  BONDED--
    Clerks and Carriers are                                  14, 132

  BROOKLYN--
    Carrier Stations In                                          196

  CANDIDATES--
    What is Required of Them                                      11

  CAPITAL LETTERS--
    Use of                                                        84

  CARRIERS--
    Delivery and Collection of Mail by                           145
    Hours of Service                                             140
    Moral Responsibility of                                       18
    Performance of Service of                                    138
    Rules for                                                    129
    “Stars” for                                                  137
    “Subbing” of                                                 139
    Uniform of                                                   133

  CRADLE DAYS OF THE P. O. SERVICE                                 5

  CLERKS--
    Promotion of                                              15, 24
    Bonded                                                        14
    Resignation of                                                17
    “Subs”                                                        18

  COMPETITORS--
    How Judged                                                    86

  CONSTITUTION OF THE U. S.                                      163
    Amendments to                                                187

  COPYING--
    From Plain Copy                                               49

  DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE                                    156

  DECIMALS--
    Operation of                                                  54

  DISTRICT REGULATIONS                                            95

  EDUCATIONAL TEST                                                43

  EXAMINATIONS--
    In Far East                                                  126
    Problems, In Earlier                                          47
    Subjects of                                                   44

  ELIGIBLE REGISTER                                               88

  FRANKLIN--
    First Postmaster General                                       8

  FINES FOR VIOLATING RULES                                       17

  INDEPENDENCE, DECLARATION OF                                   156

  INSTRUCTION--
    Courses of                                                    52

  LABOR--
    Hours of                                                      16

  LAW AND GOSPEL OF P. O. SERVICE                                154

  LETTER WRITING                                                  48

  MEDICAL CERTIFICATES                                            39

  MESSENGER--
    Special Delivery                                             150

  MORGAN, EDWARD M. (Frontispiece)                                 6

  NEW YORK--
    Carrier Stations In                                          193

  NEW YORK’S POST OFFICE--
    First Post Office                                              7
    History of                                                     6
    State Offices In                                              25

  PENMANSHIP                                                      49

  POSTAL SERVICE--
    History of N. Y.                                               7
    Law and Gospel of                                            154

  PHYSICAL CONDITIONS                                             12

  PROMOTION--
    For Good Clerks                                           14, 24

  PUNCTUATION--
    Rules of                                                      80

  QUESTIONS--
    Earlier Examination                                       43, 47
    To be Filled Out in Application                               30

  RATING--
    Rules for                                                     90

  REINSTATEMENT                                              17, 130

  REGULATIONS, DISTRICT                                           95

  RESIGNATIONS                                                   132

  RULES--
    Violations of                                                 17
    For Letter Carriers                                          129

  SALARIES AND APPOINTMENTS                                       15

  “STARS” FOR CARRIERS                                           137

  SERVICE--
    Performance of                                               138

  SPELLING                                                        45

  SPECIAL DELIVERY MESSENGERS                                    150

  “SUBS”                                                     18, 139

  TRANSFERS                                                  24, 131

  UNIFORM OF LETTER CARRIERS                                     133

  VACANCIES                                                      130

  VOUCHERS                                                        36




  TRANSCRIBER’S NOTE

  Obvious typographical errors and punctuation errors have been
  corrected after careful comparison with other occurrences within
  the text and consultation of external sources.

  Except for those changes noted below, all misspellings in the text,
  and inconsistent or archaic usage, have been retained, for example,
  subserved; employe; inclosed; efulgent; sufferable; repassed.

  Pg 7: ‘inhabitants. The’ replaced by ‘inhabitants, the’.
  Pg 8: ‘the recipts for’ replaced by ‘the receipts for’.
  Pg 27: ‘Port Plain’ replaced by ‘Fort Plain’.
  Pg 30: ‘sworn statments’ replaced by ‘sworn statements’.
  Pg 32: ‘different braches’ replaced by ‘different branches’.
  Pg 40: ‘any deformiy’ replaced by ‘any deformity’.
  Pg 49: ‘by legability’ replaced by ‘by legibility’.
  Pg 50: ‘action therupon’ replaced by ‘action thereupon’.
  Pg 63: ‘Generally MXm = p’ replaced by ‘Generally M × m = p’.
  Pg 64: ‘7 + 7 = 49’ replaced by ‘7 × 7 = 49’.
  Pg 66: ‘divisable by 8’ replaced by ‘divisible by 8’.
  Pg 79: ‘tens collumn’ replaced by ‘tens column’.
  Pg 92: ‘letter writting’ replaced by ‘letter writing’.
  Pg 98: ‘Bennnigton, Vt.’ replaced by ‘Bennington, Vt.’.
  Pg 101: Two lines were transposed. The line ‘kers, N. Y.’ has been
          moved to the correct place.
  Pg 109: ‘followng offices’ replaced by ‘following offices’.
  Pg 109: ‘Meridan, Miss.’ replaced by ‘Meridian, Miss.’.
  Pg 118: ‘Witchita, Kans.’ replaced by ‘Wichita, Kans.’.
  Pg 145: ‘adressees unless’ replaced by ‘addressees unless’.
  Pg 146: ‘at the sidwalk’ replaced by ‘at the sidewalk’.
  Pg 151: ‘total permissable’ replaced by ‘total permissible’.
  Pg 154: ‘abstruce problems’ replaced by ‘abstruse problems’.
  Pg 160: ‘death, desolution’ replaced by ‘death, desolation’.
  Pg 164: ‘Deleware, one’ replaced by ‘Delaware, one’.
  Pg 177: ‘But  person’ replaced by ‘But no person’.
  Pg 195: ‘5233 Boardway’ replaced by ‘5233 Broadway’.





End of Project Gutenberg's The Postal Service (Fifth Edition), by Various

*** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE POSTAL SERVICE (FIFTH EDITION) ***

***** This file should be named 60597-0.txt or 60597-0.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.org/6/0/5/9/60597/

Produced by Adrian Mastronardi, John Campbell and The
Philatelic Digital Library Project
and the Online Distributed Proofreading Team at
http://www.pgdp.net (This file was produced from images
generously made available by The Internet Archive/American
Libraries.)


Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive
specific permission. If you do not charge anything for copies of this
eBook, complying with the rules is very easy. You may use this eBook
for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports,
performances and research. They may be modified and printed and given
away--you may do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks
not protected by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the
trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country outside the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you'll have to check the laws of the country where you
  are located before using this ebook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and The
Project Gutenberg Trademark LLC, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark. Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is in Fairbanks, Alaska, with the
mailing address: PO Box 750175, Fairbanks, AK 99775, but its
volunteers and employees are scattered throughout numerous
locations. Its business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt
Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up to
date contact information can be found at the Foundation's web site and
official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

For additional contact information:

    Dr. Gregory B. Newby
    Chief Executive and Director
    gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

